layout: blog
title: '[500W][WRITING] Causes And Effects Essay - Should Science Influence What We Eat?'
date: 2016-12-18 15:00:19
categories: 
- English study
tags:
- 500W
- English study
- writing
---


* Recently, “Samgyupsal(pork belly) diet” was a big issue, in Korea. It became famous after broadcasting a documentary which was about high-fat  low-carbohydrate diet therapy. People who want to diet, however, were in confusion because before long the five of medical society jointly announced that it’s a poisoned chalice. The reason why they said that is due to their worrying about its some side effects. It’s hard to know who to believe, and dangerous to easily believe something announced from media. They tend to reproduce much inaccurate information from research in progress. Paradoxically, nevertheless, I think that science should influence what we eat and our health, and it should more heavily in the future. Historically, the development of science released us from big problems such as death, disease, and starvation. In contrast, I’d like to say that how many eggs we eat per day is a just minor one.
* Many outstanding scientists have found out relationships between what we eat and disease. They found out that some serious diseases are caused by lack of nutrients. One of the representative examples is a story of the vitamin. The vitamin is a vital nutrient to maintain a life of the human. Before we knew about its existence, we suffered from a lot of diseases, which are caused by a lack of vitamins, such as failure to thrive, night blindness, and scurvy. Our health is not only affected by a lack of nutrients but also with bad stuff it has. Intake of foods which include heavy metal makes people get a serious disease and lead to death. According to one historical record, only about fifty years ago, over the thousands of people died from poisoning with mercury and cadmium. It was very hard to look for the causes of such disease because the symptoms due to an accumulation of them slowly appear. With that experiences and findings, we became able to eat safer food through observing environment and pre-inspection for food. 
* The progress of science removed the time and space constraints on eating fresh food ingredients. As a result of distribution technology, we can buy fresh vegetables, meats, and even live fish in any area. It currently takes a big role of food supply to people who live far from the producers. Moreover, as price become lower, more people are able to consume the food ingredients which contains essential nutrients. Food storage technology also helps us store food longer and fresher. We can preserve flavor and nutrients using a rapid cooling system, and each food ingredients can be stored under optimal conditions using a technique to automatically adjust humidity and temperature. If there were no advance in such technologies, we would have eaten different food for each country, and it would have caused nutrition imbalance.
* We can also be supplied with more and higher quality food ingredients by improvement of breeds. Scientists have made superior breeds through plant breeding, so they have been making grains that can be grown in colder or hotter area and plants that have more fruits per branch. Similarly, Improvement of breeds in livestock industry makes us take more meat and milk at the lower price. These developments can provide a clue to solve the hunger problem of mankind. Unlike improvement of the breeds, GMO(Genetically Modified Organism) is a way to directly manipulate a gene so that they quickly make an organism that has special characteristic they want. Its harmfulness is still controversy, and I am also worried about the effect of GMO food on our health. However, although It could be a great mistake of mankind, I think it is just one incident produced in development of science, and it will be fixed.
* As I said above, science has already affected our health. Science always tells us that what we should and shouldn’t eat, makes us get more and high-quality food. Ultimately, science is really needed because it is expected to solve our unpredictable food problem in the future. If somebody often feels confused by media or says that science is useless to decide what we eat, I will tell them, “Remember we have already influenced by science, and don’t forget the benefits that we already enjoy”. I believe that science will develop brilliantly and bring us a more helpful and definitive knowledge.