---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/03/28'
date: 2018-03-28 14:22:04
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
---


# Dictation
## Talk about various types of bandage you use

Disposable bandages can come in handy when you have a minor cut. I tend to get **(scraped up)** very often. So, I always carry **(band-aids)** with me. A few days ago, I cut my finger while cleaning up **(shard)** of glass. First, I **(disinfect)** a cut. Then I applied a band-aids to keep germs at bay. Recently, disposable bandages have been upgraded. Some are waterproof and help keep **(out)** water. There are also functional bandages that speed up the process of healing. There are even special-purpose bandages for specific types of wounds, like burns. These days, there are also bandages that have been styled, with a wide **(array of)** colors or animated characters. This bandages especially go over well with kids. 

A: Why do you have a band-aid on you finger. Are you hurt?
B: A little. I was cleaning up some broken glass, and I cut myself.
A: That's a lot of blood. You should have **(that looked at)**.
B: It's not so bad. I'll wait until tomorrow.

# Expressions
1. 일회용 반창고 - disposable bandage, band-aids
1. 유용하다 - come in handy
1. 작은 상처 - a minor cut
1. 긁히다 - get scrapped up
1. ~을 지참하다 - carry something with me
1. 깨진 유리 조각 - shard of glass
1. 상처를 소독하다 - disinfect a cut.
1. ~을 막아 내다 - keep something at bay
1. 물이 들어가지 않게 해준다 - keep out water
1. 스타일링 된 - be styled
1. 다양한 종류의 - a wide array of
1. ~에게 인기가 있다 - go over well with ~
1. 애니메이션 캐릭터 - animated characters
1. 전문가에게 진료를 받는 것이 좋겠어 - You should have that looked at
