---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/08/01'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 09:32:32
---

# Dictation
## Talk about how pay for group gatherings these days
When people gathered in the past, someone stepped forward to **foot** the bill. However, when people have get-togethers these days, its **customary** to split the bill. Generally, one person **act as the treasurer** and pays upfront. Then that person divides the cost by the number of participants, and shares the amount in a group chat. The participants wire their share to the treasurer. Splitting the cost this way has **led** to phrase 1/N. New apps have been developed to make life easier for the treasurer. Goring dutch this way for gatherings does away with the need for one person to pay the line share. A panny pinching culture is taking real these days. In this regard, sharing the cost for gatherings makes a lot sense. 

# Conversation
A: It's getting late. Let's call **it a night**
B: Wow. I didn't know so much time **had passed**. How much is the bill? 
A: Don't worry about it. This one is on me.
B: Thanks a lot. I'll be sure to buy dinner the next time we meet.


# Expressions
1. 나서다 - step forward to 
2. 비용을 지불하다 - foot the bill
3. 모임을 갖다 - have get-togethers
4. 총무 역할을 맡다 - act as the treasurer
5. 선지불하다 - pay upfront
6. 단체 채팅방 - group chat
7. 본인의 비용을 송금하다 - wire someone's share
8. 각자 지불하다 - go Dutch
9. ~을 없애다 - does away with
10. 큰 비중 -  the lion's share
11. 절약하는 - a penny-pinching
12. 뿌리를 내리다 - take root
13. 이런 맥락에서 - in this regard
14. 매우 합리적이다 - makes a lot of sense
15. 이번에는 내가 낼께 - this one is on me