---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/05/09'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-14 12:02:59
---

# Dictation
## Talk about products that help hangover relief

There is no lack of hangover relief drinks in Korea. They help to take **edge** off various symptoms after drinking heavily. Many products are sold at convenient stores. There are products to drink before you go to a drinking session, and others to drink when you are already showing the symptoms. They come **a bit dearly** since they are three to four times more expensive than other drinks. However, sometimes they are just what the doctor ordered because they are **effective**. They are not **snake** oils. Many people like to have a few drinks, but they don't want to be drag down during the day because of hangover. That's why hangover tonic is all in high demand. When people have an upset stomach after driking, they can visit a pharmercy for medicine.

A: Is something wrong? You look really pale.
B: I have a bad hangover. I drink too much yesterday.
A: Oh no! Have you tried taking hanover tonic?
B: Yes, but it didn't work. I think I'm going to be sick.

# Expressions

1. 충분한 - no lack of
2. 숙취 해소 음료 - hangover relief drink
3. 완화하다 - take the edge off
4. 가격이 다소 비싸다 - come a bit dearly
5. 딱 적절한 것 - just what the doctor ordered
6. 엉터리 상품 - snake oils
7. 진행이 더디게 되다 - be dragged down (맥이 빠지게 하다?)
8. 숙취 해소 음료 - hangover tonics
9. 수요가 높다 - be in high demand
10. 속이 안좋다 - have an upset stomach
11. 나 토할 것 같다 - I think I'm going to be sick.