---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/02'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-07-06 09:30:45
---

# Dictation
## Talk about drones that are used around us

Just ten years ago, a mention of drones with bring to mind unmaned surveillance vessels for military machines. This is not true any more. Now, drones can be found in all corners of our daily lives. They are most commonly put to use to film video. Video caught on **tape** by drones in the air is used in various programs and movies. Drones also come in handy to get a **grasp of regions** that are dangerous or where people need to be rescued. Any person under street can easily buy a mini drone, and take snapshots or record vidoes from the air. There are also competitions of drone control skills, or contests come up with drones., that are outsiee the box. Soon, drones will even deleiver products to user doorstep.

# Conversation
A: How did you record these videos? They're really dramatic.
B: I used a drone. It lets me record vedio that I can't record by hand
A: Wow, it looks really proffessional, was it expensive?
B: I spared no expense. I bought the best one I could find.

# Expressions
  1. 떠올리게 하다 - bring to mind
  2. 무인 정찰기 - ummaned surveillance vessel
  3. ~의 전반 - all corners of
  4. ~을 사용하다 - put something to use
  5. 녹음/녹화하다 - catch on tape
  6. 유용하다 - come in handy
  7. ~을 파악하다 - get a grasp of ~
  8. 고안해내다 - come up with
  9. 독창적인 - outside the box
  10. ~의 집앞까지 - to your doorstep
  11. 아낌없이 투자했어. I spared no expense.
