---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/06/21'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:08:33
---

# Dictation
## Talk about food sold at convenience stores
Convenience store food in Korea is evolving with each passing day.
The types of food on offer are becoming more diverse on a daily basis. The biggest selling point is that they can be heated up in a microwave oven and easily eaten right away. Convenience store boxed meals are the best example. You can get them on the cheap compared to ordinary boxed meal. They taste pretty good as well, so a lot of people choose them when they need a quick and easy meal on the go. You can also find triangular gimbap, hot dogs, sausages, and sandwiches on the shelves. Cup noodles that you prepare by simply adding hot water are also steady sellers. Finally, there are more drinks than you can point at for sale in convenience stores. Most importantly, convenience stores are open around the clock, so you can grab a bit at any hour.

# Conversation
A: What do you want to have for lunch? How about Thai food?
B: I don't have time. I'll have to get something from the convenient store.
A: All they have is instant food. Is that enough for you?
B: It will have to do. I'm too busy to go to a restaurant.

# Expressions
1. 나날이 - with each passing day
2. 제공되는 - on offer
3. 장점 - selling point
4. 도시락 - boxed meal
5. 저렴하게 - on the cheap
6. 간편한 - quick and easy
7. 이동중에 - on the go
8. 아주 많은/다양한 - more something than you can point at
9. 하루 종일 - around the clock
10. 간단히 요기하다 - grab a bite
11. 그 정도로 만족해야지 - It will have to do.