---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/04/23'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-24 18:32:19
---

# Dictation
## Talk about elevators around you

I live on the seventeenth floor **(of a)** high-rise apartment building. Because I live on a high floor, using the elevator is not a matter of choice. There are two passenger elevators. Each has a maximum capacity of 17 people. There is also an emergency elevator next the stairs. It's usually used to carry **(freight)** or in emergency situations. The office building I work in is also very big, and many companies are in residence there, so there are many elevators. There are 8 elevators **(facing)** the lobby. Half are set aside for the top floors, and the rest are for the lower floors. Dividing them this way improve efficiency a bit. There are also many elevators at a shopping center I visit often. Some of them are for even-numbered floors, and the others are for odd numbered floors.

A: Why are you standing outside? Aren't you going to go home?
B: I can't go upstairs. The elevator is broken.
A: There's nothing for it. We will have to walk up the stairs.
B: But, I live on the seventeenth floor. It's too high.

# Expressions
1. 고층 아파트 건물 - high-rise apartment building
1. 필수다. (선택의 문제가 아니다) - be not a matter of choice.
1. 승객용 엘리베이터 - passenger elevator
1. 비상용 앨리베이터 - emergeny elevator
1. 화물을 옮기다 - carry freight
1. 입주해 있다 - be in residence.
1. 로비 정면에 - facing the lobby
1. ~에 할당된 - set aside for
1. 고층/저층 - top floors / lower floors
1. 달리 방법이 없어 - there is nothing for it.