---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/07/27'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-07-06 09:32:07
---

# Dictation

## Talk about when something you wanted to get was sold out.

My older sneakers were getting threadbarem, so it was high time to replace them. I went to the department store to window-shop for shoes. I visited a few shops and find the pair that fit the bill. However, the store didn’t have them in my size, so I couldn’t buy them on the spot. Another time, I really like the pair of boots my friend had gotten. So, I made up my mind to buy the same ones. However, when I went to the store, they were sold out. It was such a popular item that they were out of stock. Instead, I went online to search for the boots on the internet. I found that I can buy them online and placed an order right away. I even save the bundle compared to the store’s price. Finally, I once wanted to see a movie, but it was so popular that there were no tickets that night. I had to but tickets for a late-night showing.

# Conversation

A: You look really upset about something, what’s wrong?
B: I wanted to buy an LP record, but it was sold out.
A: Don’t be too disappointed, where there’s will there’s a way. Did you search online?
B: Not yet. Do you think there might be a sight where it's still being sold?

# Expressions

1. 낡다 - get threadbare
2. ~이 시급한 때 - high time to
3. 진열된 상품을 구경하다 - window-shop
4. 적절하다 - fit the bill
5. 적정 사이즈가 있다 - have something in one's size
6. 그 자리에서 - on the spot
7. ~하기로 마음을 먹다 - made up my mind to ~
8. 재고가 없는 - out of stock
9. 인터넷에 접속하다 - go online
10. 주문하다 - place an order
11. 비용을 크게 절약하다 - save a bundle
12. 심야 상영 - late night shoing