---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/06'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 09:30:56
---

# Dictation
## Talk about healthy shoes and concerns in the summer season

People sweat a lot in the summer because of the hot weather. To prevent **dehydration**, it's good to get planty **여플루잇츠? of fluids.** You should also be careful to avoid getting **히스트록? heatstroke**. Carrying a **portable** fan can help to lower your temperture. Maintaining personal **하이진? hygiene** by taking a shower after sweating heavily is also good for your health. Air conditioning sikness is another thing that keep in mind to stay healthy in the summer. This sickness refers to side effects of staying indoors when the A?C is on for too long. The symptoms are similar to those of the common cold. They include headaches and runny noses. To avoid airconditioning sickness, it's best to set the room temperture at a reasonable level. 

# Conversation
A: Have you caught a cold? You look under the weather.
B: Yes. I don't how it happened. It's to hot these days.
A: It's probably because the air conditioning is too strong.
B: You're right. It's really cold in my office. I have to wear a jacket.

# Expressions
1. 탈수를 예방하다 - precent dehydration
2. 수분을 충분히 섭취하다 - get planty of fluids
3. 더위를 먹다 - get heatstroke
4. 휴대용 선풍기 - portable fan
5. 냉방병 - Air conditioning sickness
6. 개인 위생 - personal hygeine
7. 부작용 - side effects
8. 실내에 머물다 - stay indoors
9. 적정 수준으로 실내 온도를 설정하다 - set the room teperture at a resonable level.
10. 컨디션이 안좋아 보이네 - You look under the weather.