---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/05/04'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-04 23:16:03
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the special days in May

In Korea, May has called family month and it is packed to the **(rafters)** with spacial days. May 5th is Children's Day. It's a day when parent give gifts to their young kids, and they go on family outings together. Theme parks and amusement parks are swarming with families. This year, May 5th falls on a Saturday, so Monday, May 7th has been designated as a substuite holiday. People can enjoy the long weekend. May 8th is parent day. On this day, children express their **(gradtitude)** **(toward)** their parent. They give gifts like carnations or hand-wirtten letters. More often than not, they enjoy family meals together. May 15th is teacher's day. Students thank thier teachers. Adult also visit teachers from their school days. Other **(red-letter)** days in May include Budda's birthday, **(Coming-of-Age Day)**, and **(Spouses')** day.

A: Thank you for being our teacher. Plesase accept this.
B: I'm very glad to see you all. What is this?
A: It's token of our appreciation. It's not much.
B: You didn't have to do that. **(Your visit is enough)**


# Expressions
1. 가득 찬 - packed to the rafters
2. 가족 나들이를 가다 - go on family outings
3. ~으로 붐비다 - is swarming with
4. 맞아 떨어지다 - falls on
5. 대체 공휴일로 지정 됐다 - has been designated as a substitute holiday.
6. 감사의 뜻을 전하다 - express one's gratitude
6. 대부분의 경우 - More often than not
7. 학창시절의 선생님 - teachers from their school days
8. 특별한날,기념일 - red-letter day
9. 성년의 날 - Coming-of-Age Day
10. 부부의 날 - Spouses' Day
11. 감사의 표시입니다. - It's a token of our appreciation
12. 대단한 것은 아닙니다. - It's not much
13. 너희가 방문한 것만으로도 충분하다 - Your visit is enough