---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/12/03'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-03 15:37:05
---

# Dictation

## Talk about new types of home appliances people use at home

Some home appliances are newly becoming widespread these days. Clothes dryers are a top example. They have been common overseas for ages, but they hadn't really caught on in Korea before. However, sales of dryers are going through the roof these days. There's no need to bother **with** hanging the laundry out to dry. Another selling point is that clothes can be dried more quickly. New types of vacuum cleaners are another example. Wireless vacuum have gone mainstream. They don't need to be plugined in. They make it much easier to clean the floors. Robot vacuum cleaners with **비프드업?beefed-up** artificial intelligence are also selling like hot cakes. Their biggest advantage is that the user doesn't need to clean up in person. There are also more and more new appliances that can be controlled verbally using voice recognition, or by smartphone.

# Conversation

A: You look really tired today. Is something wrong?
B: No, I've just been cleaning all morning. I need to take a breather (좀 쉬어야 겠어).
A: You should buy a robot vaccum cleaner. They're really convenient.
B: They're too expensive. Besides, I enjoy cleaing my apartment.


# Expressions

1. 보편화되다 - become widesrpead
2. 대표적인 예 - a top example
3. 오랫 동안 - for ages
4. 대중화되다, 인기를 얻다 - caught on
5. 급증하다 - go through the roof
6. 신경을 쓰다, 수고를 감수하다 - bother with
7. 빨래를 널다 - haning the laundry out to dry
8. 대중화 되다 - go mainstream
9. 걔들은 플러그를 꼽을 필요가 없다 - They don't need to be plugged in.
10. 강화된 - beefed-up
11. 직접 - in person
12. 말로 제어하다 - controll verbally
13. 음성 인식 - voice recognition