---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/05/17'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-17 13:45:30
---

# Dictation
## Talk about your glasses or contacts
I have been **as blind as a bat** since I was young. In school, I always wore glasses. My eyesight grew progressively worse as I got older. I had to keep getting stronger lens prescriptions. Starting in colleage, I begin to wear contacts. For my first contacts, I had to rinse them off to use them again. It was a real pain in the neck. It became much easier when disposable contacts hit the martket, since I could throw them away and wash my hands of them. However, my eyes become dry on a regular basis when I wear contact, so I have to apply eye drops. At home, I wear glasses to give my eyes break. I envy people that have 2020 vision. I'm thinking about receiving eyesight correction surgery. I know a lot of people who swear by it. I was on the fense until now, but I will visit a hospital soon to receive a consultation. 

A: Hey, you look different today. What's different about you?
B: I got a new pair of glasses. What do you think? Do you like them?
A: They were made for you. Where did you get them?
B: I bought the frames online and got the lenses at a local store.

# Expressions
1. 시력이 매우 나쁜 - grow progresseviely worse
2. 렌즈 도수 - lens prescription
3. 콘택트 렌즈 - contacts
4. 그 것을 다시 사용하기 위해서는 세척을 해야 했다 -  I had to rinse them off to use them again
5. 매우 성가신 일 - real pain in the neck
6. 일회용 렌즈 - disposable lens
7. 주기적으로 - on a regular basis
8. 인공눈물을 넣는다 - I apply eye drops
9. ~을 쉬게 하다 - give ~ a break
10. 완벽한 시력 - 20/20 vision
11. 시력교정 수술을 받다 - recieve eyesight correction surgery
12. 효과를 장담하다 - swear by
13. 아직까지 결정을 하지 못했다 - I was on the fence until now
14. 상담을 받다 - receive a consultation
15. 너한테 정말 잘 어울린다 - They were made for you