---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/09/05'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-05 09:17:28
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the types of food people commonly eat when they are on a diet

When trying to shed some weight, the first thing that people do is to adjust their diet. Usually, they try to avoid high-calorie food or food with lots of **칼브스? carbs**. Instead, they increase their intake of fruits or vegetables. People often eat boiled broccoli or cabbage. Cherry tomatos, and bananas are popular fruits. To tide themselves over, people often eat filling foods that are low in calories. Sweat photatos and hard-boiled eggs are good examples. Chicken breast is the most popular type of meat among diet foods. It is low-fat and rich in protein. So, it prevents weight gain. People usually **steer** clear of sugary drinks like juices or carbonated beverages, and opt for coffee, tea, or water instead. When going on a diet, it's best to eat breakfast and lunch, but to have a light meal for dinner. Midnight snacks are **어너너? a no-no**

# Conversation

A: What are you drinking? Is that a smoothie? Let me have some.
B: Here try it. It's a diet smoothie. It's very low in calories.
A: Oh. It doesn't taste very good. I think I'll just have some coffee.
B: I **그뤄즈? grows** on you. I helped me lose weight last year.


# Expressions

1. 살을 빼다 - shed some weight
2. 내 식단을 조절하다 - adjust my diet
3. 고칼로리 음식 - high-calorie food
4. 탄수화물 - carb
5. ~의 섭취량을 늘리다 - increase one's intake of ~
6. 브로컬리 - broccoli
7. 양배추 - cabbage
8. 방울토마토 - cherry tomato
9. ~의 허기를 달래다 - tide someone over
10. 포만감이 높은 음식 - filling food
11. 완숙 - hard-boiled
12. 담백질이 풍부한 - rich in protein
13. 체중 증가를 방지하다 - it prevents weight gain
14. ~을 피하다 - steer clear of ~
15. 고당도 음료 - sugrary drinks
16. 탄산 음료 - carbonated beverages
17. ~선택한다 - opt for ~
18. 식사를 가볍게 하다 - have a light meal
19. 야식 - midnight snack
20. 지양할 것 - no-no
21. 시간이 지나면 나아져 - It grows on you