---
layout: blog
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/02/23'
date: 2018-02-24 11:20:53
categories:
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about group chatrooms

I'm listed in several group chatrooms. Some of the chatrooms are formed with friends. There is a room with college classmates. There is another room with  **(friends from a club)**. There are communication channel to ask after each other and share important news. Of courese, there is also a room I share with my co-workers. This helps to communicate more easily about our shared work. Group chatrooms make it easy to share things like photos, files and links. It's also easy to share important announcements. However, sometimes it's impossible to read all the messages when too many messages pop up at once. Once you lose the flow, it's hard to catch up. I can't even consider reading at all. I turn off the alert for most group chatrooms. Otherwise, I **(would have to be alerted all day long.)**

A: Why didn't you come to our gathering yesterday? Were you busy?
B: I didn't know there was a gathering. How did everyone know?
A: We talked about it in our group chatroom.
B: I left that chatroom by accident. Can you reinvite me?


# Expressions

1. 명단에 포함되다 -  be listed in ~
2. 동호회 친구들 - friends from a club
3. 안부를 묻는 소통의 장 - communication channels to ask after
4. 함께 진행하는 업무 - shared work
5. 메세지가 한꺼번에 너무 많이 올때 - when to many messages pop up at once
6. 흐름을 잃다 - lose the flow
7. 진도를 따라 잡다 - catch up (밀린 이야기를 했다는 뜻도 있었음.)
8. 나는 그걸 다읽을 엄두도 내지 못한다 - I can't even condsider reading it all.