---
layout: blog
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/03/15'
date: 2018-03-15 10:29:06
categories:
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the new semester that starts in March

In Korea, schools begin the school year in March. Elementary, middle, and high schools as well was colleges all **(kick off)** the new semester in March. Middle and high shool students are assigned to new classes. They meet new friends and their new homeroom teacher. They also meet their teachers for each subject. The first semester lasts until Mid-July. That's when summer break begins. For the new semester, college students sign up for classes and gear up for their courses. Depending on what year they are **(in)**, the number of required subjects and **(elective)**s subjects will be different. Freshmen who are new to college begin campus life with high expectation. In college, the first semester ends in mid Jun, and the long summer vacation gets under way.

A: Is something wrong? You look like you worried about something.
B: The new school years start next week. I'm a little scared.
A: Don't sweat it. You did very well last year. You'll do well again.
B: Thanks. I hope things won't change too much.

# Expressions

1. 학년 - school year
1. 시작하다 - kick off
1. 담임 선생님 - homeroom teacher
1. ~을 위해 준비다하 - gear up for~
1. 학년에 따라 - Depending on what year they are in
1. 필수 과목 - required subjects
1. 선택 과목 - elevtive subjects
1. 부푼 기대를 안고 - with high expecation
1. 시작하다 - get under way
1. Don't sweat it. - 너무 걱정하지마.
