---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/08/15'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-16 13:43:22
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the ways people take childcare leave

In Korea, there is a childcare leave policy that is gauranteed by law. When a woman becomes pregnant, she can take paid matertive leave for a fixed period during her pregnancy and after she gives birth. She can also take a long-term childcare leave after the baby is born. Thanks to these policies, woman can safely persue a carrer while also having end rasing kids. These days childcare leave is on and upfoward **tend among man**, although it's not as common as it's for women. Double-income families are becoming the norm. The social consensus is that child-rearing is not the main responsiblity of woman, Korea has one of the worild's lowest **fertility** rates, so a childcare leave policy is highly neccessary. It must be promoted and improved even more to raise the birth rate and how parents bring up their kids.

# Conversation
A: Are you sure you can do all of this work **while** I'm gone?
B: Of course, don't worry about work. You should focus on your baby.
A: Thanks for helping with my work while I'm on maternity leave.
B: Thank nothing of it. Your maternity leave is gauranteed by law.


# Expressions
1. 육아 휴직/출산 휴가 - childcare/maternity/paternity leave
2. 법으로 보장된다 - is gauranteed by law
3. 일정 기간 동안 - for a fixed period
4. 증가 추세다 - be on an upward trend.
5. 보현화 되다 - become the norm
6. 출산율 - fertility rate
7. 아이를 키우다 - bring up
8. 맞벌이 부부 - double-income family
9. 고맙다니 천만에 - Think nothing of it.