---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2019-02-08'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-02-10 22:20:18
---

# Dictation

## Talk about new food items that are becoming more common in daily lives

There are more and more tailor-made food these days that take into account comsumers' personal preferences and physical conditions. In the past, the brand was the biggest deciding factor when people bought food. Nowadays, the content of the food is more important. For example, people who are sensitive to caffeine can order decaf coffee. Even when buying milk, consumers can choose **skim milk**, low-fat milk, or **lactose-free** milk, depending on their health requirements. Another example is **gluten-free** food eaten by consumers who get stomach problem if they have flour. Rice flour is also all the rage as a substitute for a **wheat flour**. Some products leave or eggs and butter for people with food allergies.

# Conversation

A: What's wrong? You look a little sick. Are you okay?
B: I drank too much milk earlier. It unsettled my stomach (그것 때문에 배탈이 났어).
A: They sell loctose-free milk these days. Maybe you should try it.
B: That's a good idea. I get indigestion every time I have dairy products.


# Expressions

1. 맞춤의 - tailor-made
2. 고려하다 - take into account
3. 결정짓는 요인 - deciding factor
4. ~에 민감한 - sensitive to ~
5. 디카페인 커피 - decaf coffee
6. 건강상의 요구사항 - health requirement
7. 무지방 우유 - skim milk
8. 저지방 우유 - low-fat milk
9. 락토프리 우유 - loctose-free milk
10. 글루텐 프리 음식 - gluten-free food
11. 각광 받는 - all the rage
12. ~을 대체하는 것 - substitute for ~
13. 소화 불량 증세가 생기다 - get indigestion
14. 유제품 - dairy product