---
layout: blog
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/02/15'
date: 2018-02-15 16:10:31
categories:
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about stiff shoulders

A lot of people suffer from painful, stiff shoulders. Usually it's because they don't get enough exercise. They stay **(seated)** at their desk to study or work for long periods of time. These life style, habits and bad **(posture)**, are the causes of sitff shoulders. In a way, it's a **(chronic affliction)** for modern people. Sudden or excessive exercise can also cause sitff shoulders. If a stich in the shoulder goes on, it can lead to frozen sholder, Also known as **(adhesive capsulitis)**. This is an **(inflammation)** of the connective tissue near the shoulders. This can lead to chronics **(stiffness)**, limitted movement and serve you a pain. It can last for a long time and there's no easy cure. The fundemental solution is to seek **(medical aid)**, excercise regularly, and maintain good posture.

A: What's wrong? Are you sick?
B: I slept at desk yesterday and I have a stiff shoulder. It really hurts.
A: How bad is it? Will you be OK?
B: It's driving me nuts. I can't even focus on my work.

# Expressions to memorize
1. 결리는 어깨 - stiff shoulders
2. 앉아 있다 - stay seated
3. 장기간 동안 - for long periods of time
4. 나쁜 자세 - bad posture
5. 어찌보면 - In a way
6. 만성질환 - chronic affliction
7. 의 결림 - a stitch in
8. 지속되다 - go on
9. ~로도 알려진 - a.k.a. = also known as
10. 오십견 - frozen shoulder, adhesive capsulitis
11. ~의 염증 - an inflammation of
12. 연결 조직 - connective tissue
13. 만성 결림 - chronic sitffness
14. 의료진의 도움을 구하다. - to seek medical aid
15. 좋은 자세를 유지하다. - maintain good posture
16. 미치게 하다. 화나게 하다 - It's driving me nuts