---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2019-02-06'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-02-10 00:26:16
---

# Dictation

## Talk about my cold hands and feet

Each winter, my hands and feet get ice-cold. People who hold my hands always ask me why they are so cold. Sometimes, they're so cold that I catch myself off guard. Even when I'm indoors where it's warm, my **extremeities** often stay cold. I always carry heat packs, as a matter of habit. I can't **get by** without them. To raise my body temperture, I often go to public baths or hot springs in the winter. Cold hands and feet are caused by poor circulation. In essence, it's a **cardiovascular issue**. The symptoms are caused by blood being unable to reach to hands and feet. Poor lifestyle habits, insufficient exercise, **anemia**, and low blood pressure can all be causes. I didn't think much of my cold hands when I was younger. However, I learned recently that it could spell trouble for a one's health if it gets out of hands.

# Conversation

A: Why are your hands so cold? Have you been outside?
B: No, I've been sitting here all morning. I just have cold hands and feet.
A: You should have that looked at(검진을 받아보는 것이 좋겠다). It might be a circulation problem.
B: It's okay. I've been this way for a long time. I'm used to it.


# Expressions

1. 매우 차가워지다 - ice-cold
2. ~을 놀라게 하다 - catch someone off guard
3. 신체의 끝부분 - extremities
4. 습관적으로 - as a matter of habit
5. 버티다 - get by
6. 목욕탕 - public bath
7. 온천 - hot spring
8. 원할하지 못한 혈액 순환 - poor circulation
9. 근본적으로 - in essence
10. 심혈관 문제 - cardiovascular issue
11. 빈혈 - anemia
12. ~을 대수롭지 않게 여기다 - not think much of ~
13. 암시하다/야기하다 - spell trouble
14. 심각해지다 - get out of hand