---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/04'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 09:30:51
---

# Dictation
## Talk about summertime food Koreans like to have

The summer weather in Korea is very hot and heavy. There are many popular foods that people eat in the summer to avoid getting drag down by the heat. Cold noodles become highly **sought-after**. The cold temperature of the dish helps to beat the heat, so it's a common go-to for a lot of people in the summer. **Shaved ice also flies off the shelves in the summer** cold foods and deserts **aren't** the only top sellers when it's hot. We use a lot of energy in the summer, so people also look for health food to help them restore thier strength. Chiken and Ginseng soup is a good example. People queue up to eat in on the 3 hottest days of the year. Meanwhile, the top in-season furit during the dog days is watermelon.

# Conversation
A: It's 12 o'clock alredy. What do want to have for lunch today.
B: I don't want to eat anything. I've lost my appetite.
A: What's wrong? Is it because of the hot weather?
B: Yes it is. I had Chicken and Ginseng soup yesterday, but I'm not hungry today.

# Expressions
1. 습한 - heavy
2. ~때문에 지치다 - get dragged down by
3. 매우 인기있는 - highly sought-after
4. 더위를 이겨내다 - helps to beat the heat.
5. 흔히 고르는 것 - a common go-to
6. 빙수 - Shaved ice
7. 매우 잘 팔리다 - fly off the shelves
8. 잘 팔리는 것 - top sellers
9. 원기를 회복하다 - restore their strength
10. 줄을 서다 - queue up
11. 제철 과일 - in-season fruit
12. 삼복더위 - the dog days