---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2019-02-05'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-02-09 00:48:41
---

# Dictation

## Talk about what people do during the Korean Lunar New Year Holidays

The Lunar New Year Holiday is the first day of the lunar calendar. It's one of Korea's biggest traditional holidays. The days directly before and after are designated as national holidays, creating the extended holiday. Many Koreans get **decked out** in traditional Korean clothes. Some hold ceremoies to honor ancestors, and tend to their ancestor's graves. Offering new years greetings to relatives and elderly neighbors is another unique custom. Grown-ups offer words of wisdom to children,and sometimes give them pocket money. A holiday food that people always eat for the Lunar New Year is rice cake soup. The while rice cake in the soup symbolize a clean start for the new year. The round shape also stands for the sun, or for coins and wealth. It's a great holiday that everyone looks forward to, when friends and family gather to spend  quality time together.


# Conversation

A: I've eaten too much again. I think I'm going to throw up.
B: Me, too. Starting tomorrow, I defintely going to go on a diet.
A: You say that every year during the new years holidays.
B: I mean it this time(이번에는 진짜라고). I'm going to eat less and start exercising more.


# Expressions

1. 음력 - lunar calendar
2. ~을 ...으로 지정하다 - deignate something as ~
3. 연휴 - extended holiday
4. 한껏 치장하다 - deck out
5. 조상에게 지내는 차례 - ceremony to honor ancestros
6. ~을 가꾸다, 돌보다 - tend to
7. 세배 - New Year's greeting
8. 덕담/조언 - words of wisdom
9. 용돈 - pocket money
10. 떡국 - rice cake soup
11. 새로운 시작 - a clean start
12. ~을 뜻하다/상징하다 - stands for
13. ~을 기대하다/고대하다 - look forward to
14. 의미있는 시간을 보내다 - spend quality time