---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/12/04'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-04 08:53:11
---

# Dictation

## Talk about Korea's new trade policy

Korea's economy is heavily dependent on trade. The domestic market is on the rather small size. So, we gain lots of economic benefit through global commerce. Since way back, China has been one of our biggest trade partners. However, things soured between the two countries druing the THADD missile deployment in Korea last year. **Trade took a direct hit**. Boycotts of Korean product **led to** the massive losses for Korean companies. This situation made it apparent that Korea's trade structure relied too much on China. More diversity was called for. The Korean government is pursuing various pocliy to diversify trade partners. The biggest change was to boost up cooperation with Southeast Asian countries like Vietnam, Thailand and Indonesia. The core idea is to increase trade volume with these countries to **a level on par** with the US, China, Japan and Russia.

# Conversation

A: What are you reading? You look really serious.
B: It's an article about Korea's new trade policies. It's very intersting.
A: What do you think? Will the gorvenrment's new policies be effective?
B: It's too soon **to tell** (아직은 알 수가 없어). Personally, I think they're mostly positive.


# Expressions

1. ~에 크게 의존하는 - heavily dependent on ~
2. 내수 시장 - domestic market
3. 경제적 이익 - economic benefits
4. 국제 통상 - global commerce
5. 아주 오래전부터 - since way back
6. 상황이 악회되다 - things sour
7. 직격탄을 맞다 - take a direct hit
8. ~에 대한 불매 운동 - boycott of ~
9. 막대한 손실 - massive loss
10. 교역 구조 - trade structure
11. 명확하게 하다 - make it apparent
12. ~을 필요로 하다 - call for
13. 정책을 추진하다 - pursue a policy
14. 보강하다 - boost up
15. ~과 대등한 - on par with ~