---
layout: blog
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/02/28'
date: 2018-03-01 18:19:02
categories:
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about raw fish restaurants in Korea

I really like raw fish, or Heo. There are many Korean people who share my view on raw fish. That's why there's a raw fish restaurant in every neighborhood. There are some **(ritzy)** restaurants, but there are also places with resonable prices. At these restaurants, you first choose the type of fish you want. The price varies **(wildly)** depending on what fish you choose. Then there are a lot of appetizers that come out first. There are a lot of fresh seafood. Sea squirts, sea cucumberss, sea **(urchins)** and **(abalone)** are very common. My favorite is sea **(urchin roe)**. Raw fish restaurants usually serve two **(varieties)** of sauce. One is soy sauce and the other is red pepper paste. **(To add some bite)**, you can put **(a dollop of wasabi)** in your sauce. After eating the fish, people usually have a spicy stew and rice. Raw fish also goes well with liquor, so people almost always have a light drink with Hwe.

A: Would you like some of this raw fish? It's delicious.
B: No, thank you. I really don't like anything that isn't cooked.
A: It's your **(loss)**. The best way to eat fish is to eat at raw.
B: I think I'll just have some of the side dishes.

# Expressions
1. ~에 대해서 나같이 생각하는 사람이 많다. - There are many people who share my view on ~
2. 동네 마다 - in every neighborhood
3. 고급 음식점 - ritzy restaurant
4. 가격이 천차 만별이다 - The price varies wildly
5. 멍게, 해삼, 성게, 전복 - sea squirts, sea cucumbers, sea urchins, abalone
6. 성게알 - sea urchin roe
7. 두 종류의 소스 - two varieties(버라이리스) of sauce.
8. 톡쏘는 맛을 가미하려면 - To add some bite,
9. 한덩이의 고추냉이 - a dollop of wasabi (어 달러파브워싸비)
10. 회는 술과 잘 어울린다 - Raw fish also goes well with liquor
11. 가볍게 술을 마시다 - have a light drink
12. 너만 손해지! - It's your loss!