---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/10/04'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-04 15:31:09
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the aging society

Korea's population is aging at a raid clip. The life expectancy is increasing at the highest rate in the world. Sooner than later, we will be a super aged society. As the population ages, we need to hedge against various issues. The birth rate is so low in Korea that we need to make provisions very carefully. Long-term management plans are needed for the national pension system. Since fewer people are paying, while more are receiving. Various welfare policies for the elderly are also needed. The **lack** of support for such welfare policies is emerging as a major social problem. The budget allocated to welfare for senior citizen will have to be hiked up. As social concensus is also needed to better take care of the elderly.

# Conversation

A: Why do I need to pay so much for national pension service?
B: It's not that much. You need to look at the big picture. (큰그림을 봐야지)
A: What do you mean? I pay all this money every month for nothing.
B: But, you will need to receive that money when you get older.


# Expressions

1. 빠른 속도로 - at a rapid clip
2. 기대 수명 - life expectancy
3. 가장 빠른 속도로 - at the highest rate
4. 머지 않아 - sooner than later, 언젠가 - sooner or later
5. 초고령 사회 - super-aged society
6. ~에 대비하다 - hedge against
7. 출산율 - birth rate
8. 미리 준비하다 - make provisions
9. 장기 운영 계획 - long-term management plans
10. 국민 연금 제도 - national pension system
11. 노인 복지 정책 - welfare policies for the elderly
12. 주요 사회 문제로 대두되고 있다 - is emerging as a major social problem.
13. ~에 할당된 예산 - the buget allocated to ~
14. 노인 - senior citizens
15. 늘리다 - hike up
16. 사회적인 공감대 - social consensus