---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/08/17'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-20 08:30:52
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the variou gift certificates we use in our lives

Gift certificates are very widespread in Korea. In addition to **올드햇 old-hat** gift certificates, for department stores almost every brand has its own in-house gift certificates. The certificates are used most often as gifts. There is no need to pick out of a gift, which take **얼로드 어프 a load off** the giver. The **뤄씨피인? recipient** can get whatever they want, so it's killing two birds with one stone. Paper certificates are still in rotation. In addition, there are also gift cetificate cards that let the user **더 닥트? deduct** from the balance. Gift vouchers that can easily be sent by phone, or also becoming common. The most common mobile gift certificates are used at coffee shops and restaurants. They are sometime called mobile gifticons. There is no better way to express your graditude to someone than to give them a gift certificates.

# Conversation
A: Before you go, I wanted to give you this. Here, take it.
B: What's this? Why you are giving me this envelope.
A: It's a gift certificate. It's your birthday gift. Happy birthday!
B: You shoudln't have. I feel bad for not giving you anything.


# Expressions
1. 상품권 - gift certificates
2. 매우 보편화 되어 있다 - be very widespread
3. 평범한/진부한 - old-hat
4. 자사의 - in-house
5. 선물을 고르다 - pick out a gift
6. 부담을 덜다 - take a load off
7. 일석이조 - killing two birds with one stone.
8. 유통 중인 - in rotation
9. 잔액에서 차감하다 - deduct from the balance
10. 상품 교환권 - gift vouchers
11. 안그래도 되는데 - You shouldn't have.