---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/10/15'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-22 21:16:12
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the types of food you cook

I'm not a **seasoned hand** at cooking, but I know how to cook some basic dishes. I'm good at making soups and stews, so I can whip them up quickly. When I want a change of pace, it's convinient search online because there are detailed recipes. By following the instructions to the letter, you can cook mouth-watering dishes. There are also lots of food-related programs on TV. When I come across a tasty dish on a show, I make a mental note, and try it out for myself. With cooking, I think practice makes perfect. It took me a long time to cook anything in the past, but now I can make things in a flash. I make simple side dishes myself from scratch. However, if a side dish is a chore to prepare, I usually buy it instead. I can get however much I want at the side dish section on a grocery store.

# Conversation

A: It's seven o'clock already. Time for dinner. Are you hungry?
B: I could eat a horse(나 너무 배고파). I haven't had anything since breakfast.
A: I can cook something quickly, or we can order delivery.
B: When did you learn how to cook? Let's just order a pizza.


# Expressions

1. ~에 능슥한 사람 - seasoned hand at ~
2. 기본적인 요리 - basic dishes
3. 금방 조리하다 - whip something up
4. 새로운 것 - change of pace
5. 글자 정확히 그대로 - to the letter
6. 우연히 접하다 - come across
7. 기억해 두다 - make a mental note
8. 시도해 보다 - try it out
9. 내가 얼마를 원하든 - however much I want
10. 귀찮은 일 - a chore
11. 식료품점 - grocery store