---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/09/27'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-27 08:59:53
---

# Dictation

## Talk about mobile membership discounts

As added perks, Korean mobile carriers offer membership points. Users can use these points to receivce discounts when buying various things. Restaurants are a prime example. Most popular restaurant chains offer mobile carrier discounts. Users present their membership number when setting the bill to receive the discount. Convenience stores, coffee shop chains, and bakeries also offer discounts in connection with mobile carriers. The discount rate depends on the membership level. The points are provided on a yearly basis, so they only need to be used within that period. Heavy users of mobile phones are sometimes given unlimited points. It's a win-win since mobile carriers can attract customers and users can enjoy reduced prices. 

# Conversation

A: Do you want to go to this restaurant for lunch? Their pasta is really good.
B: I'd like to, but I can't. Their menu is too expensive for me.
A: I'll let you in on a secret(내가 너만 알려줄게). If you get a membership discount, it's half the price.
B: Wow, a 50% discount? Why didn't you tell me before? Let's go rignt now.

# Expressions

1. 추가 혜택 - added perks
2. 통신사 - mobile carriers
3. 할인을 받다 - receive a discount
4. 대표적인 예 - a prime example
5. 통신사 할인 - mobile carrier discount
6. 비용을 지불하다 - settle the bill
7. ~과 연계하여 - in connection with ~
8. 1년 단위로 - on a yearly basis
9. 많이 사용하는 사람 - heavy users
10. 할인된 가격 - reduced price