---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/04/19'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-19 11:17:13
---

# Dictation
## Talk about riverside parks that you go to

There are many big parks along the Han river, which **(cuts through Seoul)**. There're located throughout all them **(all of Seoul)**, so they are **(enormous)** when they are taken collectively. People often visit the river banks to work up a sweat or to get some air. There're floating restaurants on the river which are popular as a date destinations. Visitors can ride on cruise boats, and enjoy the atmosphere along the river. The parks have distinct draws from district to district. Some have swimming pools or performance **(venue)**. Others have floating exhibition spaces. Some of the parks have camping grounds. There are various special events throughout the year, like cherry blossom festivals and fireworks displays(?). They are (?), and they attract a lot of people.

A: The weather is getting warmer. What are you going to do this weekend.
B: Some friends and I are going to the park by the river. Are you in? 
A: It sounds like fun, but I can't. I have to work.
B: That's too bad. Tell me if you change your mind.

# Expressions
1. ~을 가로지르다 - cut through
1. 합쳐서 보면 - when they are taken collectively
1. 거대한/막대한 - enormous
1. 강둑 - rever banks
1. 운동을 하다 - work up a sweat
1. 데이트 장소 - date destination
1. 지역에 따라, 각자의 매력을 가지고 있다 - have distinct draws from district to district.
1. 공연장 - performance venue
1. 불꽃놀이 - fireworks displays
1. 대중적으로 인기 있는 것 - crowd pleasers
