---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/03/20'
date: 2018-03-21 22:27:44
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dication
## Talk about spring weather

Spring in Korea is the best of the seasons. It's not too hot, not too cold. It is **(just right)**. The weather is warm enough to dress lightly. The skys are clear and crisp. Becuase the weather is mild, the conditions are right for outdoor activities. In the spring, there is a sharp rise in the number of people who go cycling or excercise in parks or by the river. People come out in groups to engage in active persuits. Also, flowers burst into bloom in the spring. When the cherry blossoms begin to bloom, they are a sight to behold. Tourists **(flock to)** the places that are famed for cherry blossoms and there are many festivals. People take heaps of pictures because it's so pretty and then upload to social media. 

A: The weather is so beautiful today. Spring is definitely the best season.
B: I beg to differ. I think autumn is much better. 
A: Why don't you like spring? Look how pretty the cherry blossoms are.
A: It rains too often and I'm allergic to flowers.


# Expressions
1. 딱 좋아 - It is just right.
1. 가볍게 입는다 - dress lightly.
1. 하늘이 쾌청하다(산뜻하다?) - The skies are crisp.
1. 날씨가 푸근하다 - The weather is mild
1. 야외 활동을 하기에 조건이 딱 맞다 - the conditions are ripe fo outdoor activities.
1. 사람 수의 급등이 있다 - there is a sharp rise in the number of people
1. 꽃이 만개 하다 - burst into bloom
1. 장관 - a sight to behold
1. ~로 몰리다 - flock to
1. 난 의견이 달라 - I beg to differ