---
layout: blog
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/03/01'
date: 2018-03-01 18:35:20
categories:
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about crypto currency

The **(fervor over)** cryptocurrency **(is at a)** fever pitch these days. Cryptocurrency refers to virtual currency based on block chain technology. Already, hundreds of types of virtual currency are being traded through trading platforms around world. As many people began to invest, crypto currecy **(rose)** by a large margin in recent years. In Korea, it generated explosive interest in the past year, and the value **(skyrocketed)**. Of course, the value also plummeted when the government announced restrictions on cryptocurrency or trading platforms **(went)** bankrupt. Because of the severe **(fluctuations)**, many people **(liken)** cryptocurrency to gambling. People also have voice concerns about overheated investment in something that has no substance. The side-effects on cryptocurrency investment going overboard in Korea must be solved.

A: Everyone seems to be investing in crypto currency these days.
B: I know. Eveybody at work talks about i.
A: Do you think I should invest in it too?
B: It's your money. It's up to you.

#Expressions
1. ~에 대한 열기가 - The fervor over ~
2. 절정에 달한다 - is at a fever pitch
3. A이란 B을 말한다/나타낸다. - A refers to B
4. 큰폭으로 상승했다 - rose by a large margin
5. 최근 몇년간 - in recent years
6. 폭발적인 관심을 끌면서 - it generated explosive interest
7. 지난해에 - in the past year
8. 가치가 급등했다 - The value skyrocketed.
9. 또한 가치가 급락했다 - The value also plummeted.
10. 결제 플랫폼이 파산했을 때 - when trading platforms went bankrupt
11. 심한 등락 - severe fluctuation
12. ~을 ~에 비유하다 - liken ~ to ~
13. 우려를 표명하다 - have voiced concerns
14. 실체가 없다 - has no substance
15. 과도한 투자 - investemnt going overboard