---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/08/10'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-10 09:27:10
---

# Dictation
## Talk about how pet owners can be considerate of other people

The number of people with companion animals is growing exponentially, and the number of related problems is doing likewise. Pet onwers love their pet, but some people are sared of animals or dislike them. It's neccessary to be considerate of these poeple. A few monthes ago, a person passed away after being bitten by a neighbor's dog. Also, larger dogs often bite and injure other dogs. When heading out with the dog, it's important to keep the dog on a leash. Owner should train dogs not to bite people, and to refrain from barking. Holding a dog in elevators is one way to prevent inconveiencing others. When living in an apartment, a dogs barking can be a **thorn** in the side of neighbors. Dogs should be trained not to bark when naight falls. Also, onwer should pick up after their dogs when taking them for a walk.

# Conversation
A: I'm goging shopping at a mall this weekend. Would you like to come?
B: That sounds like fun, but I have to take care of my dog.
A: Don't worry, it's pet-friendly. Lots of people bring dogs to this mall.
B: Wow, that's great. I'll meet you there. What time should we meet?


# Expressions
1. 반려 동물 - companion animal
2. 기하급수적으로 증가 - grow exponentially
3. 마찬가지로 하다 - do likewise.
4. 배려하다 - be considerate of
5. 외출하다 - head out
6. ~에게 목줄을 매다 - keep the dog on a leash
7. ~을 자제하다 - refrain from ~
8. 남에게 불편을 끼히다 - inconveniencing others
9. ~골치거리 - a thorn in the side of
10. 밤이 됐을 때 - when night falls
11. 배설물을 치우다, ~의 뒷정리를 하다 - pick up after ~
12. ~을 산책시키다 - take (a pet) for a walk
13. 반려동물 동반 가능해 - it's pet-friendly