---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/02/20'
date: 2018-02-22 14:54:53
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about how apratments have changed in Korea

The population density in Korea is very high, so most people live in multi-unit apartment buildings. There are also many **(planned)** cities that mostly consists of residential areas. **(Older)**,  **(run-down)** apartment complexes in many regions are newly redeveloped. Lot of residential buildings are built this way. Newer apartmet buildings tend to be much taller than before. The building exteriors are given **(classy)** designs, so they look more high-end than before. The finishing materials inside have been upgraded. Also, various facilities are controlled by automated system, so it's more convinient. Various convinient facilities are provided in areas with large-scale complexes, so the residents have it easy. 

A: You look tired. Did you excersice today?
B: I had to walk all the way up to our house.
A: But, we live on the 14th floor. Why didn't you take the elevator?
B: I coudln't. It out of order. Workers are fixing it now.

# Expressions to memorize
1. 인구 밀도 - population density.
2. 다세대 아파트 건물 - mult-unit apartment building.
3. 계획 도시 - planned city.
4. 더불어 - Older,
5. 건물 외관 - building exterior.
6. 고급스러운 디자인 - classy design.
7. 더 고급스러워 보인다 - they look more high-end.
8. 대단지가 조성된 지역에서는 - in areas with large-scale complexes.
9. 편하게 지낸다 - have it easy.
10. ~하는 내내 - all the way
    - 집으로 돌아오는 내내 - all the way home back
    - 집에 올라가는 내내 - all the way up to my house 
11. 고장 났어. - It's out of order.