---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/10/22'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-22 21:24:18
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the dangers of phone usage while driving or walking

People use their phones around the clock, which can give rise to dangerous situations. Talking on the phone while 앗 더 위얼? **at the wheel** can distract driver’s attention. This raises the 뤠스거번? **risk of an** accident. In particular, checking text 쏘 오센딩? **or sending** them while driving prevents drivers from keeping their eyes on the road. This makes them unable to see the road conditions and causes them to lose their 베어링스? **bearings**,  so an accident is a foregone conclusion. Using a phone can also pause a 레스켓? **risk at** other times, too. It’s easy to find passers-by who use the phone while walking. They aren't looking forward, so they might bump into other people. They could also lose their 푸딩? **footing** when they are caught off guard by stairs or a slope. In such cases, they could sustain injuries. To stay safe, it’s best to refrain from using your phone willy-nilly when your are on the move.

# Conversation

A: Oops. I’m sorry I’m bumped into you. I didn’t see you standing there.
B: Watch where you’re going(잘 좀 보고 다녀요!). I almost dropped my coffee because of you.
A: I’m really sorry. I was distracted because I received text message.
B: You shouldn’t use your phone while you’re walking. It’s dangerous.
​
# Expressions

1. 하루 종일 - around the clock
2. ~을 유발하다 - give rise to ~
3. 운전 중인 - at the wheel
4. 도로 전방을 주시하다 - keep one's eye on the road
5. 혼란스러워하다 - lose one's bearings
6. 불가피한 결과 - foregone conclusion
7. ~와 부딫치다 - bump into
8. 행인 - passer-by
9. 실족하다 - lose one's footing
10. 예기치 못하게 덮치다 - catch off guard
11. 부상당하다 - sustain an injury
12. 지양하다 - refrain from ~
13. 무분별하게 - willy-nilly
14. 이동 중에 - on the move