---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/09/07'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-07 14:47:05
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the various type of extracts people drink for their health

In Korea people drink various extracts to promote good health. One major advantage is that you can consume the nutrients of the ingredients in a concentrated form. Because they are liquids, extracts are absorbed quickly **by the body** and they are easy on the stomach. The most common extracts use fruits like apples, grapes and **pomegranates**. They are vitamin-rich and very healthy. People often stock up on several packs in the fridge, and drink one daily. Other major examples use vegetables like pumpkins, garlic and tomatoes. These are also popular because they are **chock** full of vitamins and dietary fiber. People also drink liquid extracts of mouth-puckering fruits like lemons. They are favored by people who are on detox diets to flush out toxins from the body. Sometimes people have extracts **tailored** for them at oriental medicine clinics. They are used to improve health when feeling low on energy.

# Conversation

A: What are you drinking? It smells a bit weird.
B: It’s onion extracts. I drink it every morning for my health.
A: Do you squeeze it every day? Doesn’t that get annoying?
B: I've done it for so long, it's second nature to me. Besides, it's really healthy.

# Expressions

1. 건강을 증진하다 - promote good heath
2. 고농축 상태로 - in a concentrated form
3. 소화가 잘되는 - easy on the stomach
4. 석류 - pomegranate
5. 비타민 함량이 높은 - vitamin-rich
6. ~을 쟁여 놓다 - stock up on
7. ~함량이 높은 - chock full of
8. 식이 섬유 - diatary fiber
9. 산도가 높은 - mouth-puckering
10. ~에게 선호되다 - be favored by ~
11. 독소를 제거하다 - flush out toxins
12. ~에 맞춘 - tailored for~
13. 한의원 - oriental medicine clinics
14. 기력이 쇠하다 - feel low on energy
15. 나는 그게 아주 자연스러워 - it's second nature to me