---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/09/24'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-27 08:58:19
---

# Dictation

## Talk about lives of seniors in Korea high-schools

Senior year of high school in Korea is trying time for students. It's when they have to get down to business and prepare for college admissions. They need to prep for the SAT is at the end of the year, so they have heavy workload. Students also have to submit applications to colleges in various forms including regular and early admissions. High shcool seniors go to school at the crack of **dawn** and take classes all day. After school, they attend private cram shools. Many study even more through online lectures and some receive private tutoring. In addtion to the students, the whole family goes to great length to provide a good atmosphere for studying. It's worth it if the student gets into their college of choice, but those who don't sometimes try again the next year.

# Conversation

A: You look a little bit upset today. What's wrong? Are yo OK?
B: I'm just tired from studying so much. The test is less than two months away.
A: Don't worry so much. You'll do fine. I have faith in you(난 너를 믿어).
B: Thanks for you support. I'll be glad when this is all over.


# Expressions

1. 힘든시기 - trying time
2. 본격적으로 착수하다 - get down to business
3. 많은 학업량/업무량 - heavy workload
4. 꼭두 새벽에 - at the crak of dawn
5. 입시학원 - cram school
6. 개인 과외 - private tutoring
7. 최선을 다하다 - go to great lengths to
8. 1지망의/선택되는 - of choice