---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/03/14'
date: 2018-03-15 10:29:03
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the bidet you have in your bathroom

For a long time, I'm **(mulled over)** getting of the day for our batroom. Originally, I didn't really feel the need. Then an **(acquaintance raved about)** her bidet, so I decided to install one. I thought about buying one, but **(settled on)** using a rental product. For a monthly fee, the company changes the filter and does a check-up. Once I installed and used the bidet, I understood why my aquiantance had sung **(its)** praises. After **(moving one's bowels)**, the bidet creates a sense of cleanliness. It also heats up the cold toilet seat and even the water can be heated. Since using the bidet, I think I get blocked up less often, I even kicked myself for not getting this great invention sooner.

A: I thought about it for a long time, but I installed the bidet yesterday.
B: Do you like it? I really like the one in my bath room.
A: I like mine a lot too, I wish I had gotten it sooner.
B: See, I told you that bidets are great!

# Exressions
1. ~하는 것을 고민하다. - mull over ~ing, thought about ~ing
1. 필요성을 느끼다 - feel the needs.
1. 극찬하다 - raved about ~, sing one's praises
1. ~으로 결정하다 - settle on ~
1. 대여 제품 - rental product
1. 매달 사용료를 지급하는 조건으로 - for a monthly fee
1. 검사를 하다 - do a check-up
1. 대변을 보다 - move one's bowel
1. ~한 느낌을 조성하다 - create a sense of ~
1. 변비에 시달리다 - get blcoked up
1. 덜 자주 - less often
1. 자책하다 - kick oneself
1. 왜 이제서야 했어? - What took you so long?
