---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/10/08'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-10 08:30:37
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the steps people take when getting a home

When people look for a house or apartment live in they, begin by setting their **sights** on a location. Then, they narrow down the size and type of housing. Afterawards, they usually search online to check the market price of the neighborhood. There are many **리얼리스티? real estate** apps these days, so checking the houses on the market is a cinch. In-depth information and photographs are posted on the app. When a house-hunter finds house that fits the bill they dial up the real estate dealer who put up the post. They go with a real estate agent to see that house in person. Usually, they visit several places to compare and contrast. When they finilize their decision, they sign a rental contract. Frist, they pay part of the security deposit as a down payment to call dibs ib tge house. Fianlly, they reach an agreement on the rent, and decide when to move in.

# Conversation

A: You look really happy today. What is it? Did you get promoted?
B: Even better. We found a great apartment and we bought it yesterday.
A: Wow! Big congrats(정말 축하해)! How did you find it? You've been searching for so long.
B: We kept looking online and we finally found an apartment we like.


# Expressions

1. ~을 목표로 정한다 - set one's sights on ~
2. 폭을 좁히다 - narrow down
3. 주거 형태 - type of housing
4. 부동산 앱 - real estate apps
5. 시중의 - on the market
6. 매우 쉬운일 - a cinch
7. 상세 정보 - In-depth information
8. 집을 구하는 사람 - house-hunter
9. 조건에 적합하다 - fits the biil
10. 전화를 걸다 - dial up
11. 글을 올린 사람 - a person who put up the post
12. 부동산 매매업자/중개인 - real estate dealer / real estate agent
13. 직접 - in person
14. 비교하다 - compare and contrast
15. 최정 결정을 내리다 - finalize one's decision
16. 임대 계약을 하다 - sign a rental contract
17. 보증금 - security deposit
18. 계약금 - down payment
19. ~을 잡아두다 - call dibs on ~
20. 협의를 하다 - reach an agreement 
21. 이사오다 - move in