---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2019/01/03'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-01-03 08:47:28
---

# Dictation

## Talk about various road conditions

**When** at the wheel, it's important to keep one's eyes on the road. The road surface can be slippery after it snows or rains, so it's best to be extra cautious. It's good to keep one speed down and avoid slamming the break suddenly. When it's raining or snowing, the visibility is low, which is why drivers need to exercise caution. When it's snowing a lot, it can be for the best to leave the car at home. Driving at night also requires more caution. Drivers should turn on their headlamps and keep a close eye on the road condition. When there's an accident ahead, there will be heavy traffic. There could be the **debris** on the road when passing the site of the accident, so it's best to pass carefully. Above all, the first step to safe driving is to stay alert to the movement of other drivers.

# Conversation

A: I'm going to go to the store. Do you need anything while I'm there?
B: You're driving in this weather? Be sure to check the tire pressure first.
A: Really? It's just short, ten minute drive from here.
B: You can't be too careful(최대한 조심해야 돼.). Driving in the snow is really dangerous.


# Expressions

1. 운전중인 - at the wheel
2. 도로를 주시하다 - keep one's eyes on the road
3. 각별히 주의하다 - be extra cautios
4. 급정거를 하다 - slam the brakes
5. 가시거리가 짧다 - visibility is low
6. 주의하다 - exercise caution
7. ~을 예의 주시하다 - keep a close eye on ~
8. 파편 - debris
9. 사고 현장 - site of the accident
10. ~의 첫걸음 - the first step to ~
11. ~을 예의 주시하다 - stay alert to ~12. 