---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/25'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 09:32:03
---

# Dictation

## Talk about things that you do during trips

When I travel, I always visit the tourist hot spots. I like seeing for myself. The places that are historically significant or where famous events were held. Sometimes I **스플러즈? splurge** on famous plays or performances. I take lots of pictures while traveling to mark the occasion. I collect the photos and upload them to social media in real time. I also enjoy shopping when I’m on the road. I buy souvenirs I can only find locally, or brand-name items at department stores. I also buy gifts for my acquaintances at the duty-free shop. Finally, I eat at various local **이더리즈? eateries** when I travel. I visit famous restaurants listed in travel guides or seek them out by searching online. I sometimes drink tea at cafes with a view. For at least on day while traveling I rest at the hotel or get a massage at a spa to loosen up my muscles.

# Conversation

A: What are you goning to do during your vacation? Did you make plans?
B: I'm not going to do anything. I just want to zone out.
A: Really? But I thought you are traveling overseas. 
B: I am. I'm going to a beach resort. I'm just going to relax

# Expressions

1. 관광 명소 - tourist hot spots
2. 직접보다 - see for myself
3. 역사적으로 의미 있는 - historically significant
4. 기꺼이 높은 비용을 지불하다 - splurge on
5. 특별한일을 경험하다 - mark the occation
6. SNS에 올리다 - upload to social media
7. 여행중인 - on the road
8. 유명 브랜드 제품 - brand-name item
9. 현지 음식점 - local eateries
10. 여행 가이드 - travel guide
11. 일부러 찾아내다 - seek them out
12. 전망이 좋은 - with a view
13. 근육을 풀어주다 - loosen up one's muscles
14. 난 그냥 아무 생각도 안 하고 싶어 - I just want to zone out