---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/06/18'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:08:25
---

# Dictation
## Talk about your smartphone payment services
More and more smartphone payment services are **at user's disposal** these days. For micropayments, smartphone can be used to pay directly. The user enters a verification code sent to their phone and the payment is made on the spot. Later, the amount is **added** to the phone bill, and the users settles the cost each month. It's also possible to store credit card information on a smartphone. When making a transaction, you fire up the app with pay with your phone. You can even think credit card information to pay for taxi fairs and substitute driver services automatically. There are also self-developed payment methods associated with chatting apps. You simply enter a PIN number to conveniently pay for things. Things to this **wide array of** smartphone payment services, the need to carry a wallet or cash is on the decline.

# Conversation
A: I can't login to this smartphone payment app. I can't remember my password.
B: How can you forget your password? It' not very long.
A: It slipped my mind. There are too many passwords I have to remember.
B: I guess you're just have to go to a bank or an ATM.

# Expressions
1. ~이 사용 가능한 - at someone's disposal
2. 소액결제 - micropayment
3. 그 자리에서/곧장 - one the spot
4. 비용을 정산하다 - settles the cost
5. 거래를 하다 - make a transaction
6. 작동시키다 - fire up
7. 신용카드 정보를 연동시키다 - sync credit card information
8. 택시비 - taxi fare
9. 대리운전 서비스 - substitute driver services
10. 자체 개발된 - self-developed
11. ~와 연동된 - associated with
12. 다양한 - wide array of
13. 줄어들다 - is on the decline.
14. 깜빡 잊어버렸어 - It slipped my mind.