---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/06/01'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:07:42
---

# Dictation
## Talk about denuclearization efforts on the Korean peninsula

Winds of change **have been** blowing through the Korean pensula. Peace and reconciliation are front and center. Just last year, tensions were reaching the breaking point as the North repeatedly conducted nuclear test and missile test. But a mood of mutual good will are merged when Pyungyang participated in the Pyungchang Olympics eary in the year. The two Koreas exchanges teams of high-ranking **envoys** and set the stage for discussion. In addtion, related nations have been engaging in dialog for the denuclearization on the Korea peninsula. The fruits of their labor include the summit meetings among nations involved. I hope that these diplomatic efforts will play a role in bringing permanent peace to the Korean peninsula.

# Conversation
A: I hope the diplomatic efforts succeed.
B: Don't get your hopes **up** yet.
A: Yeah, but the important thing is that we are talking.
B: I guess you're right. We'll see what happens.

# Expressions
1. 변화의 바람 - Winds of change
2. 화해 - reconciliation
3. 가장 중요한 - front and center
4. 한계점에 이르다 - reach the breaking point
5. 핵 실험을 하다 - conduct nuclear tests
6. 상호간의 선의 - mutual good will
7. 도래했다 - emerged
8. 특사단 - high-ranking envoys
9. 미사일 실험 - missle test
10. ~의 계기를 마련하다 - set the stage for ~
11. 대화에 임하다 - engage in dialogue
12. ~의 노력의 대가 - the fruits of someone's labor
13. 정상 회담 - summit meeting
14. 외교적 노력 - diplomatic efforts
15. ~에 기여하다 - play a role in~
16. 아직 너무 기대하지는 마 - Don't get your hopes up yet.
17.