---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/06/14'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:08:17
---

# Dictation
## Talk about Pimples

When I was younger, I was troubled by the many pimples on my face. Everyone experiences skin breakouts **during** their adolescent years, but I remember being really **bummed out**. Acne is not as big a problem for me as an adult. However, I have an oilly skin type, so I still get pimple sometimes. The problem becomes pronounced when I'm **terkered out**. After I drink heavily, and when I eat a lot of greasy foods, usually the pimples are concentrated around my forhead or under my jawline. I wait for as it to grow up it, and then I pop it. I have to take care to prevent scaring. To prevent outbreaks, it is **of utmost** important to **cleanse thoroughly**. It also doesn't hurt to eat healthy food and get plenty of restful sleep.

# Conversation
A: Why do you look so upset? Is something wrong?
B: I have a blind date tomorrow, and I got a pimple.
A: Let me see. It's hardly noticeable. Don't worry about it.
B: I don't want to have any skin problem on a first date.


# Expressions
1. ~로 고민하다 - be troubled by
2. 여드름, 발진 - skin brekouts
3. 우울하다/실망하다 - be bummed out
4. 여드름 - Acne
5. 지성 피부 - oily skin type
6. 두드러지다 - become pronounced
7. 몹시 피곤하다 - be tuckered out
8. 과음하다 - drink heavily
9. ~에 집중된 - be concentrated aroud
10. 턱선 - jawline
11. 여드름 - zit
12. ~흉터를 조심하다 - take care to prevent scarring
13. 여드름을 예방하다 - prevent outbreaks
14. 매우 중요하다 - be of utmost importance
15. 꼼꼼히 세안하다 - cleanse thoroughly
16. 도움이 된다 - doesn't hurt
17. 충분한 숙면 - plenty of restful sleep
18. 별로 티 안나 - It's hardly noticeable.