---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/10/10'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-10 08:30:46
---

# Dictation

## Talk about when you bought a new phone

I used my previous mobile phone for over 3 years. It ran sluggishly and there wasn’t enough storage space. So, it was time to replace it. I’m **mulled over** many of the latest models and decided to stick with the OS that I used in my old phone. I thought it would be easier to use since I would feel at home with this system. The newer models mostly had a larger screens and **beefed-up** functions. I especially liked that the photo quality with light years ahead of older models. The model I settled on has a touch screen pen. The pen is Blootooth enabled, so it really comes in handy. The phone is also easy on the eyes because of its stylish design. It's even water-resistant, so it's OK if it comes in contact with water. Hands down, it's my favorite I've used so far.


# Conversation

A: What are you looking at so closely? Can I see?
B: I'm learning the functions on my phone. I just got a new one yesterday.
A: It's about time. You must have had that last one for at least five years.
B: It worked fine until yesterday. I dropped it and broke the glass.


# Expressions

1. 느리게 작동하다 - run sluggishly
2. 저장 공간 - storage space
3. ~을 고민하다 - mull over
4. ~을 계속하다 - stick with
5. ~에 익숙하다 - feel at thome with ~
6. 강화된 - beffed-up
7. 화질 - photo quality
8. ~보다 한참 앞선 - light years ahead of ~
9. ~으로 결정하다 - settle on
10. 블루투스 기능이 지원되는 - Bluetooth enabled
11. 매우 유용하다 - it really comes in handy
12. 보기에 좋은 -easy on the eyes
13. 방수가 되는 - water-resistant
14. ~과 접촉하다 - come in contact with ~
15. 단연 - hands down