---
layout: blog
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/03/07'
date: 2018-03-07 09:27:31
categories:
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about travel agencies in Korea

There are many travel agencies in Korea. When planning a trip, there are many perks to using a travel agency. First, you can receive discount in various ways. Travel agencies purchase airline tickets in **(bulk)**, so you can get them at low prices. You can also save **(big on lodggings)** if you make reservations through an agency. It's because the hotels provide discounted rate to the agencies. Programs on **(site)** include travel iternaries to help you see the sights most efficienlty. This is very helpful when traveling. Travel agency employees are also very friendly, so you can prepare for a trip with a **(light heart)**. When I travel overseas, I often use this travel agencies. Of course, I closely go over the prodcuts from various agencies, and choose the ones that fit my needs the best.

A: Aren't you going on vacation next week? You must be excited.
B: I am, but there's so much to do. I don't have time to prepare.
A: You should call a travle agency. It's a real time-saver.
B: I guess I'll do that. Do you know any agencies you can recommend?

# Expressions
1. 여행사를 이용하면 많은 혜택이 있다. - there are many perks to using a travle agency.
2. 대향으로 티켓을 산다. - purchase tickets in bulk.
3. ~에 대한 비용을 크게 아낄 수 있다. - You can also save big on ~
4. 현지의 - on site
5. 여행 일정 - travel iternaries
6. 관광을 하다 - see the sights
7. 가벼운 마음으로 - with a light heart
8. 꼼꼼히 살펴보다 - closely go over
9.