---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/04/04'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-04 12:59:53
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the cherry blossoms

April in Korea is famous for **(its)** cherry blossoms. From coast to coast, cherry trees are in full bloom, and there are a sight to be hold. There are places in each reigon with a high concentration of cherry trees planted together. These **(scenic)** points are often located by rivers, or in downtown areas. A lot of regions hold cherry blossom festivals around this time of year. Many people go out to soak in the cherry blossoms. It's a great season for outdoor activities because of the warm spring weather. The most popular locations can be overrun with people who visit in **(droves)**. **(Regardless of)** age or gender, people take out their phones or cameras to take snapshots. They often share the photos on various social media channels. 

A: Hey, do you think you'll be busy this weekend?
B: Not really, why? Is there something that you wnat to do?
A: Some friends and I are going to see the cheery blossoms.
B: **(Count me)** in! The weather is so warm these days, it should be perfect.

# Expressions
1. 전국적으로 - from coast to coast
1. 만개하다 - be in full bloom
1. 장관 - a sight to behold
1. 높은 밀도의 -  a high concentration of 
1. 경치가 좋은 곳 - scenic points (시닉 포인츠)
1. 도심 지역 - downtown area
1. 연중 이시기 즈음에 - around this time of year
1. 만끽하다 - soak in (원래뜻은 적시다?)
1. ~가 사람으로 붐빌수 있다. - ~ can be overrun with people
1. 떼지어 - in droves
1. 남녀 노소를 막론하고 - Regardless of age or gender
1. 나도 끼워 줘! - Count me in