---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/04/11'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-12 23:44:12
---

# Dictation
## Talk about home shopping channel

There are endless TV home shopping channels in Korea. There are **(placed here and there)** between regular broadcasting stations. You come across them **(when)** flipping through the channels. Before you know it, you might be glued to the screen watching what they are selling. They sell anything you can think of, including cloth, cosmetic products, food, electronics, excersice equipment, and even travel packages. Shopping host and experts appear and they explain in detail the strengh of products. They also talk about their personl impressions. The product themselves are high **(in)** quialty, but they also have speical prices for home shopping as well as various additional benefits. The most popular products can be sold out than expected, and they have to **(cut short)** the broadcast.

A: Wow! This product is really comvenient. Where did you get it?
B: I ordered it last week from a home shopping channel on TV.
A: Are they still selling it? I think I should buy one too.
B: I can't recommend it enough. I'll check to see if it still for sale.

# Expressions
1. 곳곳에 - here and there
1. 정규 방송국 - regular broadcasting station
1. 채널을 돌리다가 보면 - when flipping through the channels
1. 본인도 모르는 사이에 - Before you know it
1. 화면에 집중한다 - be glued to the screen
1. 생각할 수 있는 것은 뭐든지 - anything you can think of
1. 전문가들이 나와서 - Experts appear
1. 상세하게 설명하다 - explain in detail
1. 개인적인 느낌 - personal impressions
1. 제품 자체가 좋기도 하다 - The products themselves are high in quaility
1. 조기에 중단되다 - cut short
1. 정말 강력하게 추천해 - I can't recommend it enough.
