---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/08/09'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-10 09:27:07
---

# Dictation
## Talk about getting clothes altered or repiared.
Even when I buy clothes that suit my fancy, I sometimes have to have them altered. I recently bought a new jacket, and the sleeves were a bit too long. I had to have the **length** adjusted at **a tailor's**. I've had clothes altered most often with pants. I've shortened **the inseam**, and altered the **cuffs**. I've also extended the **waistline** when I put on some weight. One time, the pant legs were too wide, so I got them fixed to be narrower. Sometimes I need to have clothes **mended** when I have a run in the fabric, or when there is **a tear**. I can attach a button myself if it **falls off**. However, if I lose the button, I have to visit a tailor to get similar button. Altering and mending clothes offers many benefits, since you can dress in style, and wear clothes longer.


# Conversation
A: Did you open the gift I got you for your birthday? I hope you like it.
B: I like it a lot. Plus, I needed a light sweter.
A: It it the right size? You can have it altered for free if you need to.
B: It fits like a glove. I keep it at my office, and wear it every day.


# Expressions
1. 내 취향에 맞다 - suit my fancy
2. ~을 (맡겨서) 수선하다 - have something altered
3. 길이를 (맡겨서) 조절 하다 - have the length adjusted
4. 의류 재단 업체 - tailor's
5. 비자의 길이를 줄이다 - shorten the inseam
6. 밑단을 수선하다 - alter the cuffs
7. 허리를 늘리다 - extend the waistline
8. 살이 찌다 - put on some weight
9. 바지의 통 - pant legs
10. 그 것을 줄였다 - I got them fixed to be narrower.
11. 수선하다 - have something mended
12. 올리 풀리다 - have a run in the fabric
13. 흠 - a tear
14. 멋을 내서 잆다 - dress in style
15. 딱 맞아 - It fits like a glove