---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/09/25'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-27 08:58:34
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the new comic book cafes in Korea

In the past, comic book shops where you coould borrow comic books had a bad **rep**. They brought to mind dark atmostphere filled with cigarette smoke. However, these spaces have received a makeover as comic book cafes. The interior atmosphere has been **스풀르스드 업? spruced up** with colorful designs including cartoon characters. The cafes have become spaces to take a break, reading comic books while sitting back in comfortable chairs. Visitiors can also snack on popular drinks or light bites. This is why comic book cafes are all the rage among young people as great date destinations. Sometimes they're packed with young people, and you can't get in right away. As icing **on the cake**, even **the fees won't set your back much**.

# Conversation

A: Hey, we need to leave now. We're going to be late for dinner.
B: Let me just finish this last book. I'm almost finished.
A: No, put it away now. We've been here for much too long already.
B: Wait. It's 6 O'clock already? Where did the time go(언제 시간이 이렇게 됐지)?

# Expressions

1. 평판이 좋지 않다 - had a bad rep
2. 연상시키다 - bring to mind
3. ~로 탈바꿈하다 - recevie a makeover as ~
4. 꾸미다 - spruce up
5. ~을 간식으로 먹다 - snack on ~
6. 가벼운 간식 - light bite
7. ~사이에서 한창 유행이다 - be all the rage among ~
8. 데이트 장소 - date destinations
9. ~으로 붐비다 - be packed with ~
10. 금상첨화로 - A icing on the cake
11. 비용이 부담 되다 - set someone back

