---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/10/11'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-22 21:16:03
---

# Dictation

## Talk about security problems on the internet

Earlier this year, the user information of millions of Facebook users was leaked. It was a big deal. Personal information leask online occur very frequently. To make use of serivce on the internet, people have to enter their personal information. These days, search histories and user patterns are all recorded permanently. When this information is compromised by hackers, it's a major headache. Users experience a serious invation of privacy. It makes them feel uneasy when using the internet. The hacked personal information could be used in indentity theft crimes. Some exposure of personal information is part and parcel of cyberspace. However, obtaining and abusing personal information by 쉐이디민스? **shady means** should be prevented. Before the problem gets out of hand, we have to 니핏 인더 벗? **nip it in the bud** by strengthenin laws.

# Conversation

A: How long has it been since you changed the password for your account?
B: I don't know. It's been a long time. I'm too lazy to change it often.
A: Really? I change mine every month. Better safe than sorry (나중에 후회하는 것 보단 조심하는 것이 낫지).
B: I know you're right, but it's so annoying. Plus, I have so many accounts.

# Expressions

1. 정보 유출 - information leak
2. 골치 아픈 일 - major headache
3. 신원 도용 범죄 - identity theft crimes
4. ~의 불가피한 부분 - part and parcel of ~
5. 부당한 방법으로 - by shady means
6. 걷잡을 수 없게 되다 - gets out of hand
7. 미연에 방지하다 - nip it in the buds (싹을 자르다?)
8. 취약해지다 - be compromised