---
layout: blog
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/03/06'
date: 2018-03-07 08:46:14
categories:
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about when you has your car repaired.

A while ago, a warning light on my car dashboard told me **(it was)** running low on engine oil. I went to the service center to top off the oil. I recieved an overall checkup on the car at the service center. The mechanic told me that it was replacement time for some of the consumable part. It cost a lot to buy the part, but I replaced them because they are driectly linked safty. One time, I was driving the car when it made a strange noise. Then the warning light came on for the **(coolant)**. When I went to the service center, they told me the coolant circulation system has **(sprung)** a leak. It had to be replaced. A **(lack)** of coolant can lead to engine over heating. So, I replaced all the cooling circulation part. It was **(past)** warranty period, so I had to cover the costs for the repair myself.

A: My car is broken. I went to the service station because it needs repairs.
B: That must be annoying. Is it a big problem?
A: They have to replace some parts, but I can't afford it.
B: Oh, no. What would you do? Is there any way to fix it cheaply?

# Expressions

1. 엔진 오일이 부족했다. - it was running low on engine oil
2. 오일을 채우다. - top off the oil
3. 교체시기다 - It is replacement time
4. 소모품 - consumable parts
5. 그 부품을 사려면 돈이 많이 든다 - It cost a lot to buy the part.
5. 냉각수 - coolant
6. 냉각수 순환 시스템 - coolant circulation system
7. 새는 곳이 생기다/생기기 시작하다 - spring a leak
8. 엔진 과열 - engine overheating
9. 보증 기간이 지났다 - It is past the warranty period.
10. 비용을 지불하다 - cover the costs