---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/08/21'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-21 09:16:03
---

# Dictation
## Talk about blackouts and water outages
Blackouts and water outages sometimes occurred at home. The power maybe cut for two reasons. First, an electrical short could trigger the circuit breaker. Otherwise, the blackout might be for the building or neighborhood as a whole. It’s important to prepare in advance to **해저겐? hedge against** such an event. Candles or flashlights should be prepared in case the power blackout happens at night. Water outages rarely occur without prior warning. When an outage is in the works because of construction work on a water **메인? main**, an notice is issued beforehand. People prepare by storing water in the tub. Sometimes there is not hot water. This could be because of an issue with the heating system. When this happens, a professional is usually brought in to fix the problem. 

# Conversation
A: Hey. What’s wrong with the **퐈싯 faucet**? There's no water.
B: There’s a water outage today. They’re fixing the water pipes.
A: What a bother. I wanted to take a shower this evening. 
B: I told you it would happen, there was a notice last week. 


# Expressions
1. 정전 - blackout
2. 단수 - water outage 
3. 전력을 차단하다 - cut the power
4. 누전 - electrical short
5. 차단기를 내리다 - trigger the circuit breaker
6. 전체적으로 - as a whole
7. 대비하다 - hedge against
8. 준비중인 - in the works
9. 공사 작업 - constructionwork
10. 수도관 - water main
11. ~와 관련된 문제 - an issue with
12. 전문가를 부르다 - bring in a professional
13. 수도꼭지 - faucet
14. 정말 귀찮게 됐네! - What a bother