---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018-12-17'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-26 12:13:49
---

# Dictation

## Talk about your ideal type for marriage

My ideal type for marriage is someone who is considerate of ohters and sweats the details. I would like someone who is mindful of ohters and big-hearted. I want someone who has their heart in the right place, with a good mindset. I think it would be hard to live with someone with a chip on their shoulder or someone who is coldy impersonal. I like someone with shared interests or hobbies, so that we can keep a conversation goging. My ideal type will also be one of a kind with clear personal priorities and clear dreams. I don't really care about looks. I'd like my partner's education level to be more or less the same as mine, or higher. Family background and personal wealth aren't priority. I don't plan to rush marriage. I will take it slow until I find someone right for me.

# Conversation

A: Did you hear about Jim? He's getting married next month.
B: Really? I didn't even know he was dating anyone. Who is his fiance?
A: Remember Janet, his ex-girlfriend? They started dating again this year.
B: Wow! Who would've thought(우와 누가 이럴줄 알았겠어?)? I thought they hated each other.


# Expressions

1. 이상형 - ideal type
2. 남에게 배려심이 있는 사람 - be considerate of others
3. 세심하게 신경을 쓰다 - sweat the details
4. 상대를 배려하는 - mindful of ohters
5. 마음이 넓은 - big-hearted
6. 인성이 착하다 - have one's heart in the right place
7. 올바른 사고방식 - good mindset
8. 적대적인 생활/삐딱한 성격 - a chip on one's shoulder
9. 인간미가 없는 - coldy impersonal
10. 대화를 이어나가다 - keep a convsersation going
11. 개성 있는 - one of a kind
12. 개인 가치관 - personal priorities
13. 얼추 비슷한 - more or less the same
14. ~을 서두르다 - rush something
15. 여유 있게 생각하다 - take it slow