---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/03/12'
date: 2018-03-12 18:57:45
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the gas station you go to

I usually fill up my car at the gas station that is right across the stree from my house. It's located on the stree that **(leads)** to my house, so I usually get gas on my way home. It's a self-service gas station, so it is lighter on the wallet than most other places. There is an automatic car wash, so I can wash my car when I need to. When I buy a certain amount of gas, I can wash my car free of charge. The gas station also offers discount for the credit that I use, so I can save money every time I go. It's not much each time, but the savings add up quickly. Also, the gas station offers free **(giveaways)** if you spend more than a certain amount. These can range from daily necessities to expensive car accessorries. Then only drawback is that they don't operate around the clock. 

A: Why are you stopping the car here? This is a gas station.
B: We're running low on fuel. I have to get gas.
A: Can't you do that later? We're going to be late.
B: Don't worr. It will only take a second.

# Expressions

1. 내차를 주유 하기 위해서 - to fill up my car
2. 집에서 길 건너편에 있는 주유소 - the gas station that is right across the street from my house.
3. 저렴한 - light on the wallet
4. 일정량의 - a certian amount of
5. 무료로 - free of charge
6. 금방 누적 된다 - add up quickly
7. 사은품 - free giveaway
8. 생필품 - daily necessity
9. 24시간 영업하다 - operate around the clock