---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2019-01-07'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-01-07 23:57:06
---

# Dictation

## Talk about when you got a medial check-up

I have been receiving medical check-ups without fail every two years. I received check-up recently as well. I had to go on a fast the day before to **receive gastroscopy and colonoscopy procedures.** The day of the check-up began with body measurement. My height, weight, blood pressure, eyesight, and lung capacity were measured. Then I had blood samples taken, and I turned in a urine sample. Next, more in-depth test took place. First, I got an **ultra** sounds of my stomach. Next, I took medicine to move my bowels, so that I could get in **endoscopy**. I did my business in a waiting room. This was neccessary for a clean endoscopy procedure. They put me under and I received my gastroscopy and colonoscopy procedures at once. When I came to the recovery room, it felt like it happened in a flash. After the procedure, I went over the video myself while the doctor explained it. I received the test result two weeks later. Aside from slightly high blood pressure, I had a clean bill of health.

# Conversation

A: I don't think I have a cold, but I have been couphing for three days straight.
B: Have you gotten a medical check-up recently? It might be something serious. 
A: I've been planning to four weeks, but I'm just too busy with work.
B: Don't put it off.(미루지마) You should see a doctor as soon as you can.


# Expressions

1. 꾸준히 - without fail
2. 금식을 하다 - go on a fast
3. 위장 내시경/대장 내시경을 받다 - receive gastroscopy/colonoscopy procerues
4. 신체 측정 - body measurement
5. 혈액 샘플을 채취하다 - have a blood sample taken
6. 제출하다 - turn in
7. 정밀 검사 - in-depth test
8. ~을 초음파 검사를 받다 - got an ultra sound of ~
9. 대변을 보다 - move one's bowel
10. 내시경 검사를 받다 - endoscopy
11. 수면 마취를 하다 - put someone under
12. 검토하다 - go over
13. 건강 증명서 - clean bill of health