---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2019-02-04'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-02-05 22:19:24
---

# Dictation

## Talk about how retail culture has changed in recent yerars

Online shopping become the norm these days. Changes in spending patterns are **leaving a mark** on all aspects of society. With the dawn of the age of high-speed networks and smarthpones, electronic transactions have become wide spread. The ripple effect created by online shopping mall is also growing. Many consumers **comb through** products at offline shops, and then buy them through online sites. Because of this, the fabric of business transactions is changing. Traditional retail stores are at a moment of truth, while online shopping sales are growing **at breakneck speed**. Sites that compare the lowest prices habe supressed the rate of inflation. A side effect is that impulse buys are more common, since items can be bought anywhere using smartphones. There's also an impact on the emplyoment index, since new job openings are moving form offline to online jobs.

# Conversation

A: What's the address of that web site you told me about last week?
B: Here it is. It's great because you can compare the lowest prices of items.
A: I'm sold(설득 됐어). This is definetly better than the site I used before.
B: It's where I get all of my clothes. The deliveries are really quick, too.


# Expressions

1. 대세가 되다 - become the norm
2. 소비 형태 - spending pattern
3. 영향을 미치다 - leaving a mark
4. ~의 도래 - dwan of ~
5. 전자 상거래 - electronic transactions
6. 보편화되다 - becom widespread
7. 파급 효과 - the ripple effect
8. 면밀히 검토하다 - comb through
9. ~의 본질/통념 - the fabric of ~
10. 위기/전환점 - moment of truth
11. 급속도로 - at breakneck speed
12. 물가 상승률 - the rate of inflation
13. 츙동 구매 - impluse by
14. 고용 지수 - employment index
15. 일자리 - job opening