---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/08/30'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-30 08:06:20
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the various excercise programs people sign up for these days

More and more people have a **heightened** awearness of heath these days. More people are engaging in various life stylesports. In addition to old regulars like swimming or tennis, lots of people are running yoga, ballet, or dance at learning centers. Various excercises that we considered the **프러뷰? purview** of professional atheletes are being taken up by ordinary people. I'm learning yoga. It's hard at first because body was stiff, but my flexiblilty improved and I'm getting better with time. It's also great that I can **스트렝 트뤤인? strength train** by practing the various yoga poses. I can also meditate during yoga. So, it's good for my emotional stability. Excercising on a regular basis has made me feel healthier and improved my appetite.

# Conversation

A: You look exausted. Did you excercise again yesterday?
B: Yeah. I ran for 10 kilometers. Then, I did one hundred push-ups and one hundred **싯업스? sit-ups.**
A: Give yourself a break. You might hurt yourself.
B: I'm OK. I want to lose some weight before I go on vacation.


# Expressions

1. ~에 대한 고양된 의식 - heightened awearness of
2. 참여하다 - engaging in
3. 생활 스포츠 - lifestyle sports
4. 전통적인 것들 - old regulars
5. ~의 범위/영역 - the purview of (domain, category)
6. 해보다/배워보다 - take up
7. 몸이 뻣뻣하다 - body is stiff
8. 유연성이 좋아지다 - flexibility improve
9. 시간이 지나면서 좋아지다 - get better with time (시간과 함께 좋아지다?)
10. 근력운동을 하다 - strength train
11. 명사하다 - meditatte
12. 입맛을 좋게 하다 - improve one's appetite.
13. 쉬엄쉬엄해라 - give yourself a break.