---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/10/02'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-02 10:29:47
---

# Dictation

## Talk about sleeping problems
​
There are many stress factors in our lives, including personal relations, financial problems and issues at the office. Sleeping problems are on **rides(?) rise** among modern people because of all this stress. People can’t sleep even when they go to bed because they have a lot on their mind, or because of mentally **taxing** issues. In worst-case scenarios, they might toss and turn for hours and lay awake until the small hours of the morning. People feel sluggish if they don’t get enough sound sleep. A **build-up of fatigue** can lead to even more stress. It’s **a victious** cycle. It’s important to find peace of mind through hobbies or leisure activities. It’s also important to have a positive mindset. It also helps to exercise regularly to improve both physical and mental health.
​
# Conversation

A: You look really tired today. What's wrong? Did you not get enough sleep?
B: Yeah. I drank too much coffee. So, I was up all night.
A: Maybe you should go home early today. I can't work like this.
B: You're right. I need get some shut-eyes(눈 좀 붙여야겠어). I'll come in early tommorow.

# Expressions

1. 스트레스 유발 요인 - stress factor
2. 대인 관계 - personal relations
3. 직작에서나 조직에서의 관계 - human relations
4. 금전적 문제 - financial problems
5. 업무적 문제 - issues at the office
6. 증가 추세인 - on the rise
7. 내 머릿속이 복잡하다 - have a lot of on my mind
8. 심적으로 힘든 - menatally taxing
9. 최악의 경우 - worst-case scenrio
10. 잠들지 못하다 - toss and turn
11. 새벽 시간 - small hours of the morning
12. 동작이 느리다 - feel sluggish
13. 양질의 수면 - sound sleep
14. 피로 누적 - a build-up of fatigue
15. 악순환 - vicious cycle
16. 마음의 안정 - peace of mind
17. 여가 활동 - leisure activity
18. 긍정적인 사고방식을 갖다 - have a positive mindset
19. 주기적으로 운동하다 - exercise regularly