---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/24'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 09:32:01
---

# Dictation

## Talk about how you watch movies at home

There is no shortage of the ways to watch movies homes these days. Most commonly, viewers can download specific movies from movie site for a fee. The latest releases are more expensive. Viewers can also use streaming sites, instead of downloading the whole movie. If you sign up and pay a monthly membership fee, you can access all of their movies. You can also watch various TV shows in addition to movies. It’s convenient because you can bookmark the spot that you watched the last time. Even if you sign in from a different device, you can pick up where you left off. The monthly membership fee is also easy on the wallet. Finally, digital TVs are very common these days. They let you watch the latest movies at home, not long after they open in theaters. You sometimes have to pay more than you would at the box office, but you can watch comfortably from home as trade-off.

# Conversation

A: Who is this actor? What movies has he been in? Do you think he’s good?
B: Pipe down. Can’t you see I’m trying to watch this movie?
A: Why should I be quiet? I’m not bothering any one. We’re at home.
B: You’re bothering me. I want to focus on the movie.

# Expressions

1. ~이 많다 - there is no shartage of ~
2. 유료로 - for a fee
3. 월 이용료 - monthly membership fee
4. 지점을 표시하다 - bookmark the spot
5. 저렴한 - easy on the wallet
6. 극장에서 개봉하다 - open in theaters
7. 대신에 - as a trade-off
8. 조용히 좀 해 - Pipe down