---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/02/21'
date: 2018-02-22 14:54:57
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---
# Dictation
## Talk about a time when you bump into a acquaintance
I was drinking at a bar with some friends a while ago, when I saw a familiar face. Upon closer inspection, it turned out to be a friend from college. I went over to say hello. My friend jumped up and greeted me warmly. We sat down at nearby table and **(caught up)** for a while. My friend had found and gottend hitched and had a baby. The last time we met, we were in school. It was great to meet as members of society. By coincidence, my friend was working at the same company as a colse acquintance of mine. We exchanged business cards and promised to meet again separately. We then returned to our seats. It was **(a kick to)*** bump into an old friend from school. It was a chance to reflect on memories from the past. 

A: John? Wow! What are you doing here?
B: I came here to meet some friends. What about you?
A: I'm on a blind date. What a coincidence!
B: I won't bother you. See you at work tomorrow.

# Expressions to memorize

1. 얼마 전에 - a while ago
2. 가까운 지인 - a close acquaintance.
3. 그 때, 낯 익은 얼굴이 보였다. - when I saw a familiar face
    - 여기서의 when은 그때.
4. 더 자세히 보니 - Upon closer inspection
5. 알고보니 ~이다. - it turns out to be ~
6. 벌떡 일어서다 - jumped up
7. 나에게 따뜻하게 인사했다 - greeted me warmly
8. 밀린 이야기를 하다 - catch up
9. 사회인으로 - as member of society
10. 우연히 - by coincidence
11. ~을 우연히 만나서 들떴다. - It was a kick to bump into ~
12. 추억을 되짚어 보다 - reflect on memories from the past
13. 신기한 우연이다! - What a coincidence!


