---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/07/30'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-07-06 09:32:19
---

# Dictation
## Talk about when you had problems with you credit card

I've had several problems with my credit card. First, my credit card was rejected once. The store employee told me that I had maxed out my credit card. I had charged too much to my card. I had to pay with a differenct card. Another time, the IC chip on my card was demaged. Card readers couldn't read it properly when I swiped it, so I coudln't pay with it. I had to call the card company's customers support center and have the card reissued. Next, I once 와스트? my credit card. I turned out my pockets and searched everywhere, but I couldn't find it for the life of me. I had to report it lost and request to have it reissued after I got the new card. I had a reset all the fee that **were billed** automatically to my old card.


# Conversation
A: I lost my credit card last weekend. I had to get a new one.
B: That must have been annoying. Did you have to go to the bank?
A: Yeah. but there's an upside. The IC chip on my new card works great.
B: That's good. Your old credit card didn't work very well, right?

# Expressions
1. 승인이 거부되다 - be rejected
2. 카드 한도를 초과하다 - max out a credit card
3. 카드로 결제 하다 - charge something to a card
4. 카드를 긁다 - swip a card
5. 고객 지원 센터 - customer suppor center
6. 재발급 받다 - have something reissued
7. 호주머니에서 소지품을 모두 꺼내다 - turn out one's pockets
8. 무슨 수를 써도/도저히 - for the life of me
9. 분실 신고를 하다 - report somethign lost
10. 자동으로 청구되다 - be billed automatically
11. 하지만 긍정적인 면도 있어 - but there's an upside.