---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/08/29'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-29 08:24:21
---

# Dictation

## Talk about your experiences of getting your hair done at the hair salon

Last year, I want to a hair salon to get my hair done. I wanted to get a perm, but my hair stylist advised against it. She said my hair was too damaged. I had no choice but to cut off this split ends and get a hair treatment. I received some tips on how to wash my hair and blow dry it. I've taken greater care since then. I recently went back to the salon to get a perm. I chose the type of perm I wanted and we got to it. I **hadn't dyed** a my hair in a while, so I also got my roots done. They had to repeatedly apply product. Shampoo it out and dry my hair. The stylish also thined out my hair a bit. When I finally got my hair styled, I liked how it look. It cost pretty penny, but I didn't mind because the **엔 end** product was too my liking. 

# Conversation

A: You look different today. Did you get your hair done?
B: I did. Thanks for noticing. What do you think? Does it look good?
A: It looks great. It suits you. Where did you get it done?
B: I found a new hair salon near my house. Would you like the address?


# Expressions

1. 파마를 하다 - get a perm
2. 스타일리스트가 말렸다 - my hair stylist advised against it
3. 하는 수 없이 ~하다 - have no choice but to ~
4. 갈라진 부분을 잘라내다 - cut off the split ends
5. ~에 대한 조언 - tips on
6. 드라이어로 말리다 - blow dry
7. 신경을 많이 쓰다 - take greate care
8. 착수하다 - got to it
9. 뿌리 염색을 하다 - get one's root done
10. 머리숱을 치다 - thin out one's hair
11. 머리를 스타일링하다 - get one's hair styled
12. 비용이 많이 들다 - it cost a pretty peny
13. 최종 결과물이 맘에 들었다 - the end product was to my liking