---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/04/05'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-06 23:30:47
---

# Dictation
## Talk about Phobias you and another people have

I'm a scaredy-cat. First of all, I'm afraid of heights. When I go to high places, my heart races and I feel anxious. When I go to amusement parks, I steer clear of the rides that go too high. When I take a flight, I try not to look out the window. I don't know how I develop this phobia, but overcoming my fear is not easy. I'm also scared of bugs. I especially can't stand spiders. When there is a spider nearby, I'm peralyzed with fear. I have a friend who is very scared of worms and snakes. She has a such a strong **(aversion)** that she turns away even when they are shown on TV. Another friend has a fear of water. Maybe it's because he can't swim. He doesn't like going into deep water. I think he has his phobia because of **(traumatic)** experience when he almost drowned as a child.

A: Hey, do you want to ride that rollercoaster?
B: Not a change. You can go alone. I'll wait for you here.
A: Why not? It looks like fun. Let's go!
A: You know I'm scared of heights. Besides, the line is too long.

# Expressions

1. 겁쟁이 - scaredy-cat
1. 심장이 뛴다 - heart races
1. ~을 피하다 - steer clear of ~
1. 비행기를 타다 - take a flight
1. 나에게 어떻게 이 공포증이 생겼는지 모르겠다 - I don't know how I developed this phobia.
1. 두려워서 꼼짝도 할 수 없는 - paralyzed with fear. (마비된다.)
1. 극도의 혐오감 - strong aversion
1. 외면하다 - turn away
1. ~ 공포증 - a fear of
1. 충격적인 경험 - traumatic experiene
