---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/03'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 09:30:48
---

# Dictation
## Talk about why hollywood actors and actress visit Korea quite often.

Korea has ver large film market relative to its population. On average, Korean people visit a theater 4.2 times per year to take in a movie. This is three or four times higher than the figure for our neighors, Japan and China. Also, digital TV have been commercialized all across the country, so people can watch paper view movies at home soon after they hit the screens. Because the market is big, and there is a juicy opportunity to **rake** in **profit**, many big-bugdet productions from hollywood come to theaters for the first time in Korea. It's common to see hollywood stars visit Korea, to shop around their movies. As if to repay the debt, the movie is often very well at the box office in Korea. As long as Korean moviegoers love for movies keeps it up, hollywood stars will probably continue to visit the country.

# Conversation
A: Did you see that new movie **starring Prad Bit**?
B: No, I didn't even know **it had** come to theaters.
A: They didn't shop it around ver much. He didn't even visit Korea.
B: What a shame. I like to most of his earlier movies.

# Expressions
1. ~에 비해 상대적으로 relative to
2. 감상하다 - take in
3. VOD 영화 - pay-per-view movies
4. 개봉하다 - hit the screen
5. 전국적으로 상용화되다 - have been comercialized all across the country.
6. 좋은 기회 - juicy opportunity
7. 큰 수익을 얻다 - rake in profit
8. 거대 예산의 대작 - big-budget production
9. 개봉하다 - come to theater
10. 홍보하다 - shop around
11. 빋을 갚다 - repay the debt
12. 흥생에 성공하다 - do very well at the box office
13. 마치 ~이라도 하듯 - as if to V
14. 영화를 보러 자구 가는 사람 - moviegoer
15. 유지하다 - keep it up
16. 그것 참 안됐다. - What a shame.