---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2019-01-04'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-01-05 00:50:16
---

# Dictation

## Talk about some manners you should follow at performances

The number of people taking in performances like plays, musicals, concerts, and **ballets** has skyrocketed. Many people attend these performances at once, so it's very important to mind one's manners and be considerate of others. The most basic thing is to stay quiet during a show. When you have to say something, you should whisper under your breath to avoid bothering others. You shuold of course set your phone to silent mode. There's nothing that gets on people's nerves like your phone going off during a show. Some performance venues ban flash photography during shows. In such cases, you should **abide by the rules**. When lots of people **queue** up to receive tickets or use the restroom, you should stand in line in an **orderly fashion**. By following basic rules of etiquette, eveyrone can have a blast at a performance.

# Conversation

A: How was the concert you went to yesterday. Did you have a good time?  
B: The music was great, but there was a really noisy couple next to me. 
A: Oh no. I hate people who talk at concert. it's so rude.
B: Me, too. I wanted to give them a peice of my mind(정말 뭐라고 따지고 싶었어).


# Expressions

1. 공연을 보러가다 - take in a performance
2. 급증하다 - skyrocket
3. 예절을 지키다 - mind one's manners
4. 남을 배려하다 - be considerate of ohters
5. 낮은 목소리로 - under one's breath
6. ~의 신경을 거슬리다 - get on one's nerves
7. 울리다 - go off
8. 규정을 따르다 - abide by the rule
9. 줄을 서다 - queue up/stay in the line 
10. 질서 정연하게 - in an orderly fashion
11. 