---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/09/26'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-27 08:59:33
---

# Dictation

## Explain how people listen to music these days

In the past, people listen to music by downloading MP3 files. However, internet connection speeds for mobile devices have improved by **leaps** and bounds. That's why most people stream music these days. By sigining up for a music site and paying a monthly fee, user can listen to music from a massive archive as they please. You can search for the song you want by title, artist or lyrics. Ranking charts of new songs are also offered, so it's easy to **feel** out the latest releases. Users can complile playlist and access them whenever they want. Also, users can log onto a site with a single ID on multiple devices, which really comes in handy. Finally, another useful feature is that you can see the lyrics on your screen. As music streaming has become the norm, **pirating music** has decreased dramatically.

# Conversation

A: Hey, have you heard the new song by this band? It's really good.
B: No, I haven't heard it yet. I haven't been able to download it.
A: Don't worry I have a music streaming app. Here, have a listen.
B: Wow! That's really **catchy**(그것 참 중독성 있네). It makes me want to get up and dance.

# Expressions

1. 큰 폭으로 - by leaps and bounds
2. 거대한 아카이브 - massive archive
3. ~가 원하는대로 - as someone pleases
4. 알아보다 - feel out
5. 재생목록을 만들다 - compile a playlist
6. 유용하다 - come in handy
7. 음악을 불법으로 복제하다/사용하다 - pirate music
8. 급감하다 - decrease dramatically