---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/10/23'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-24 08:01:22
---

# Dictation

## Talk about child abuse cases at daycare centers

Reports on cases of child abuse at day care center show up quite often on the news. Abuse of little ones at daycare center has become a serious social issue. The most common form of abuse is hitting children who cry. There are other cases **where** kids are punished severely or verbally abused. These incidents saw the light of day thanks to video captured on CCTV. Installing these cameras is a must at daycare centers. When suspicions are raised that there might be abuse, parents can call for the video footage to be made public. If scenes of abuse caught on camera, the childcare teacher can be punished after a police investigation. From the parents point of view, these cases of abuse can cause **어비엉? severe** anxiety. Stronger policies are needed to root out such incidents.
​

# Conversation

A: Did you see that news story about child abuse at daycare centers?
B: Yes, I did. It’s so horrible. Those teachers should be punished severely.
A: You can say that again(그러게 말이야, that 강세). I’m too nervous to send my kids to those places.
B: Don’t worry. There are CCTVs there, so I’m sure nothing will happen.

# Expressions

1. 어린이집 - daycare center
2. 꽤나 자주 뉴스에 나온다 - show up quite often on the news.
3. 아동 - little ones
4. 심하게 벌주다 - punish severely
5. 폭언하다 - verbally abuse
6. 만천하에 드러나다 - see the light of day
7. ~에 포착된 - captured on ~
8. 의무적인 것 - a must
9. 의구심을 일으키다 - raise suspicions
10. ~을 요구하다 - call for ~
11. 비디오 영상 - video footage
12. 대중에게 공개되다 - be made public
13. 카메라에 포착되다 - catch something on camera
14. ~의 입장에서 - from one's point of view
15. 심각한 불안감 - severe anxiety
16. 뿌리를 뽑다 - root out