---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/09/11'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-11 08:55:21
---

# Dictation

## Talk about bakeries in Korea
There are many bakery chains in Korea. Thses bakeries can be found all over the country, and they captivate the taste of consumers with the unique breads and cookies. They have steady sellers like plain **로우브즈 loaves**, but they also release new specialty items on a regular basis. Consumers shop at these bakeries because of brand recognition. **They have** expectations for the level of quality. However, these franchises are not the end of the story. They are neighborhood shops where the owner bakes the bread in-store. Mom-and-pop stores with good word of mouth can be so successful that people wait in line to buy the bread. If you arrive late, they might even be sold out. Because there’re such wide variety of bakeries, consumers can find something that suits their tastes whenever they want.
​
# Conversation

A: Are you sure the bread here is really that delicious?
B: Trust me. I’ve never had better bread anywhere else.
A: But the line is so long. Let’s just go to another bakery.
B: It’s worth the wait. You’ll thank me once you taste the bread


# Expressions

1. 체인 제과점 - bakery chains
2. 전국 방방 곳곳에 - all over the country
3. ~의 입맛을 사로잡다 - cativate the tast of ~
4. 브랜드 인지도 - brand recognition
5. 품질 수준에 대한 기대를 가진다 - have expectations for the level of quality
6. ~의 전부가 아니다 - not the end of the story
7. 매장에서 - in-store
8. 동네 가게 - Mon-and-pop store
9. 좋은 입소문 - good word of mouth
10. 매진되다 - be sold out
11. ~의 입맛에 맞다 - suit their taste
12. 기다릴만한 가치가 있어 - It's worth the wait