---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/10/09'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-10 08:30:42
---

# Dictation

## Talk about when you had to cancel plans

I recently had plans to meet up with some close friends. However, I came down with a bed cold a few days before the date, and I was feeling under the weather. I was running a fever and my throat hurts so badly that I couldn't speak. I took medication, but the symptoms didn't get better. On the moring of the appointment, it became apparent that I was in no codition to meet my friend. I had no choice but to call my friends and promised to see them another time. On another occasion, I was goging to eat out with my family. However, I had to work late because of an urgent matter at my job. I had to take a rain check. I felt bad because it was the first family get-together in ages.

# Conversation

A: I'm really sorry, but I have to cancel our plans tonight.
B: Oh no. I really wanted to see you. I even bought the tickes already.
A: I just got a call from my parents. They need my help with something. I'm so sorry.
B: Don't lose any sleep over it(너무 신경쓰지마). We can just reschedule for another day.


# Expressions

1. ~와 만나다 - meet up with ~
2. 감기에 걸리다 - come down with a cold
3. 몸 상태가 좋지 않다 - feel under the weather
4. 열이 나다 - run a feaver
5. 목이 아프다 - throat harts
6. 약을 복용하다 - take medication
7. 명백해지다 - become apparent
8. ~할 상태가 아니다 - be in no condition to ~
9. ~할 수밖에 없다 - have no choice but to
10. 야근하다 - work late
11. 급한 일 - urgent matter
12. 다음을 기약하다 - take a rain check
13. 가족 모임 - family get-together
14. 오랫 동안 - in ages