---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/05/30'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-08 10:21:22
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the shchool reunions you have

People in Korea attends school reunions with **bells on**. Even after they graduate, people have get-togethers with their old friends. They catch up and **chew the fat** together. Alumni are friends that we shared our innocent years with. We went through trials and **tribulations** together. That's why it's always good to see them even after falling out of touch. People reflect back on their school-days and have a ball together. Since everyone is in different line of work, they can give each other a **leg up**. It's become easier to touch base with alumni, too. Thanks to social media, people can easily see what their friends are up to. They also often create group chat rooms. School reunions really are great in more ways than one.

A: John, is that you? Wow! How have you been of these years.
B: Laura? Long time, no see. You haven't changed at all. 
A: It's so good to see you. I'm glad I came to the reunion.
B: Have you seen everone else? Let's go around and say hello.

# Expressions
1. 매우 적극적으로 - with bells on
2. 모임을 갖다 - have a get-together
3. 그간의 근황을 공유하다 - catch up
4. 수다를 떨다 - chew the fat
5. 순수한 시절 - innocent years 
6. 힘든 시기 - trials and tribuations
7. 연락이 끊기다 - fall out of touch
8. ~을 추억하다 - reflect back on 
9. 즐거운 시간을 갖다 - have a ball
10. 직종 - line of work
11. 도움을 주다 - give someone a leg up
12. 연락하다 - touch base with
13. 근황 - what someone is up to
14. 다방면으로 - in more ways than one