---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/07/05'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-07-06 09:30:54
---

# Dictation
## Talk about your summer vacation plans this year

For my summer vacation each year, I usually go with my family to a travel destination either overseas or in Korea. I'm taking time off in late July this summer for a week. Including the weekends on either end, I can take it easy for nine days. I decided to make a return visit to thailand. I first traveled there a few years ago. I reserved a package tour through a travel agency a few weeks earlier. I will stay at a **ritzy** hotel in Bangkok for a few days. I plant to tour the city and shop. For the remainder of the trip, I will stay at a nearby resort. The resort has various facilities including a swimming pool, so I can do everything on the premises. The kids will have a **블래스트, blast**, and the adults get some **알엔알,R and R** After I get back, I will rest for two days at home to recover from travel fatigue.

# Conversation
A: Is something wrong? You look like you're worried about something.
B: I'm planning my vacation, but I can't find a good hotel.
A: Stop bellyaching. Planning a vacation is fun. I envy you.
B: You're right. Wherever I go, I'm sure I'll have a good time.

# Expressions
1. 여행지 - travel destination
2. 휴가를 내다 - take time off
3. 양쪽으로 - on either end
4. 쉬엄쉬엄하다 - take it easy
5. 양쪽으로 - on either end
6. 재방문하다 - make a return visit
7. ~의 나머지 - the remainder of
8. 현장에서,구내에서 - on the premises
9. 마음 껏 즐기다 - have a blast
10. 휴식을 취하다 - get some R and R (Rest and Relaxation)
11. 여독을 풀다 - recover from travel fatigue
12. 불평좀 그만해 - stop bellyaching