---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/08/14'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-14 08:18:57
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the massages you get in your life

In the past then years, the number of people who get massages has grown by **by leaps and bounds**. With travel to Southest Asia becoming par for the course, manny travelers receive massages while they visit. They seek out similar services when they return to Korea, so the demend has **spiked**. As a result, Thai massage and sport massage shops have srunk up like mushrooms. You can find them in almost any neighborhood. Some shops have resonable prices, but there are also high-end places that bring to mind luxurious spas. Various types of massage are on offer including dry massage, wet massage using aromatic oils, and massages that zero in on different parts of the body. Many modern people suffer from muscle pains. Massages can loosen up muscles when they have tensed up, so they are very appealing. Getting a massage can help you feel refreshed and alleviate stress.

# Conversation
A: You looked really tired yesterday. Are you OK now?
B: Yeah, I had some muscle pain, but I got a massage today.
A: How do you feel now? Is the pain **gone**?
B: I feel like a million box. You should try getting a massage, too.


# Expressions
1. 급속도로 - by leaps and bounds
2. 보편적인 - par for the course
3. 찾아내다 - seek out
4. 급등하다 - spiked
5. 우후죽순으로 생겨나다 - spring up like mushrooms
6. 고급 업체 - high-end place
7. ~을 상기시키다 - bring to mind
8. 제공된다 - is on offer
9. ~에 집중하다 - zero in on
10. 근육을 풀다 - loosen up muscles
11. 긴장하다 - tense up
12. 스트레스를 해소하다 - alleviate stress
13. 정말 기분 최고야 - I feel like a million bucks.