---
layout: blog
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/03/09'
date: 2018-03-09 09:31:28
categories:
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about when you had to replace lightbulbs

A while ago, a **(fluorescent light in our)** living room began to flicker on and off. A little later, it wouldn't turn on at all. There was also a light blub that **(had gone out)** in the bathroom, so I thought it was **(high)** time I bought some bulbs. First, I used my phone to take snapshots of the type of bulb for each lightbulb socket. I went to the hardware store, and show the store **(clerk)** the photos. I bought the right **(incandescent)** bulb and **(fluroescent)** bulb that I needed. When I got home, I turned off the power and use the screwdriver to remove the covers from the light fixtures. Then, I replaced all the bulbs and reattached the covers. It was a bit of a chore to chage the living room light because I **(had to)** step on a chair to reach the ceiling. I carefully threw away the **(used-up)** bulbs in the light bulbs disposable container in front of the recycling containers.

A: The light in the bathroom is still broken. When will you fix it?
B: It just needs a new lightbulb. I'll replace it tomorrow.
A: It's been broken for three days already. Stop putting it off!
B: OK, I'll go to the store for new lightbulbs right now.

# Expressions

1. 형광등 - fluorescent [|flɔ:|resnt] light
2. 깜빡거리다 - flicker on and off
3. 꺼지다 - go out
4. ~을 사야할 때다 - It is high time I bought ~
5. 백열전구 - incandescent bulb
6. 조명 기구 - light fixtures
7. ~하는 것은 다소 번거로운 일이었다 - It was a bit of a chore to ~
8. 수명이 다된 - used-up

