---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/05/14'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-15 13:07:51
---

# Dictation
## Talk about security issues on the internet

All of Internet users comings and goings online live a paper trail. Search engines and Social media services collect this information in **its entirety**. User's patterns and **feilds** of intereset become valuable data which is put to use for advertising. However, there is a concern of personal usage data being collected **willy-nilly** Recently, the story made the new cycle that the information of fifty million facebook uers was used without their consent. Because of concern **over** this personal information leak, facebook stock took a **nosedive**. Security measures **were beefed up**. Hacking programs are getting stronger. Tricks of the trade for hackers are getting more intelligent by the day. That's why protective measures for personal information online and privacy must make **headway** even more in the future.

A: Did you hear? Some hackers stole personal information from this website.
B: Oh no. Do you think I should change my password?
A: It doesn't hurt to be safe. I changed mine a moment ago.
B: How annoying. I already have so many passwords I have to remember.

# Expressions
1. 활동 - comings and gogings
2. 행적을 기록으로 남기다 - leave a paper trail
3. 전체를 통째로 - in someone's entirety.
4. ~에 활용되다 - be put to use for
5. 마구잡이로 - willy-nilly
6. 이슈가 되다 - make the news cycle
7. 허가 없이 - without someone's consent
8. 작업 수법 - tricks of the trade
9. 나날이 - by the day
10. 개선되다 - make headway
11. 조심해서 나쁠 것 없어 - It doesn't hurt to be safe.