---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/05/02]'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-04 23:15:56
---

# Dictation
## Talk about housing market policies of Korea

Housing prices are continuosly rising in Korea. So much so that it's very hard for working class families to get a home to live in. The rising prices of home have **(led)** to the rise in rent prices as well. Many people **(end up)** getting loans from banks to pay their rents. The government have been tying to implement polices to keep housing prices at bay. It has imposed additional taxes on home owners have multiple homes. It has also tried to crack down on speclulative invesetments in the housing market. Plus, It has been strenthening inspections on how home onwers got the funs to buy houses or apartments. However, housing prices is in some hot areas are still rising as many people continue to use housing as a **(form of)** investment.

A: I heard you bought a new apartment.
B: Yes, I did. I had to get a **(mortgage though)**.
A: I see. Did you get it from the bank?
A: Uhuh. I have to pay it off over the next ten years.

# Expressions

1. 집값 - housing prices
2. 매우 그러해서, ~이다. - So much so that
3. 상승으로 이어지다 - lead to the rise
4. 결국 ~하다 - end up ~ing
5. 은행에서 대출을 받다 - get loan form banks
6. 임대료를 내다 - pay one's rent
7. 정책을 실행하다 - implement policy
8. 집 값을 억제 하기 위해서 - to keep housing prices at bay
9. 추가 세금을 추징하다 - impose additional taxes
10. ~을 단속하다 - crack down on
11. 투기성 투자 - speculative investment
12. 조사를 강화하다 - strengthen inspections
13. 재테크 수단 -  a form of investment

