---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/05/07'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-14 12:02:52
---

# Dictation
## Talk about How you buy books

When I buy books, I usually go through online venues. There are many online bookstores that operate on a massive scale, so it's eays to buy various books to my heart's content. It's also **(on)** around the wallet than going to an ordinary bookstore. There are instructions, book reviews, and user review scores, so I give them a once-over when I choose a book. I have bought all manner of books online this way including novels, self-help books, and language study material. Delivery is also lightening-quick. Some places even have next-day delivery. Of course, I also go to bookstores sometimes. At major book shops, many books are **(on)** display, so I can pick and choose. When I read a **(page-turner at a)** bookstore, the time flies by.

A: Can we stop by that bookstore? I want to buy a few books.
B: Again? But you already have so many books at home.
A: I can't help myself. Whenever I see a booksore, I want to go in.
B: Not today. You should read the books you already have first.

# Expressions
1. 온라인 경로를 사용하다 - go through online venues
2. 대형으로 운영되다 - operate on a massive scale. (massive:엄청나게 큰)
3. 마음 껏 - to my heart content
4. 저렴한 - easy on the wallet
5. 사용자 평점 - user review score
6. 간단히 훑어보다 - give them a once-over 
7. 다양한 종류의 - all manner of 
8. 어학교재 - language study materials
9. 매우 빠른 - lightening-quick
10. 익일 배송 - next-day delivery
11. 전시된 - on display
12. 매우 흥미로운 책 - page-turner
13. 시간이 금새 지나간다 - time flies by