---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/10/19'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-22 21:24:09
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the things you have to do to prepare for a wedding

I had to prepare a laundry list of things for my wedding. I prepared over and extended period of time. **Heeding** the advice of friends, I received  help from a wedding planner. The first order of business is book a **venue**. We had set a date, so we found a wedding hall that was available that day. We also had to decide what kind of food to serve to the guests. Next, we had to invite the guests. We printed out wedding invitations and sent them out. Mobile invitations didn't exist when we **tied and knot**, so we had to send invitations in person or by snail mail. We also chose wedding emcee and **officicant**. We had to select the former wear for our wedding. We visited several clothing bputiques to try on dresses and tuxedos. Finally, we planned our honeymoon. We consulted with a travel agency and reserve the travel package.

# Conversation

A: I have big news. Chris and I have decided to get married.
B: Wow! That really is big news. Conguratulations. When's the big day*날짜는 언제로 잡았어)?
A: It's going to be on December 12th. Here's your invitation. Can you come?
B: Of course I can. I wouldn't miss my best friend's wedding.

# Expressions

1. 수많은 - laundry list of
2. 장시간 동안 - over and extended period of time
3. ~의 권유로, 조언을 따라 - heeding someone's advice
4. 장소를 예약하다 - book a venue
5. 결혼하다 - tie and knot
6. 일반 우편으로 - by snail mail
7. 결혼식 사회자 - wedding emcee
8. 주례 - officiant
9. 의상실 - clothing boutique
10. 착용해 보다 - try on ~
11. ~와 상담하다 - consult with ~
12. 여행 상품을 예약했다 - reserved a travel package