---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/06/12'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:08:12
---

# Dictation
## Talk about when and where you like to take walks.

Going **for a stroll is right up my alley.** I usually **can't** make time to exercise, so I try to make up for it by taking walks whenever I get the chance. When I take off from work early, I walk around my neigherhood apaerment complex after dinner. There is a walking path on the premises where I can walk. I do several laps around aparment complex. Walking for about an hour helps with digestion and fix up my mood. I can get more exercise by walking at breascal pace. On weekends, I go out for walks with my family. There is a great park just a **hop** and skip away, so we usually go there. It's great because we have time to shoot the breeze. In my mind, walking is the best form of exercise. 

# Conversation
A: Are you ready for your presentation at the meeting? It's important.
B: I'm totally ready. I feel like a million box.
A: Wow. Aren't you tired from working all night to prepare?
B: I was, but I took a walk. Now, I feel much better.


# Expressions
1. 산책하다 - go for a stroll
2. 나의 마음에 쏙 든다. - is right up my alley
3. ~할 시간을 내다 - make time to ~
4. ~을 보완하다 - make up for 
5. 기회가 될 때 마다 - whenever I get the chance.
6. 퇴근하다 - take off from work
7. 단지 내에 산책로 - walking path on the premises
8. 여러 바퀴를 돌다 - do several laps
9. 소화를 돕다 - helps with digestion
10. ~의 기분을 좋게 해주다 - pick up my mood
11. 빠른 속도로 걷다 - walk at a brisk pace
12. 가까운 곳에 - just a hop and skip away
13. 수다를 떨다 - shoot the breeze
14. 컨디션이 최고야 - I feel like a million bucks