---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/02/12'
date: 2018-02-15 16:10:20
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about arboretums in Korea

There are many arboretums in Korea. At arboretums, there are well tended gardens and trees. You can experience beautiful backdrops that wouldn't be out of place in a fairytale. Most people who visit feel refreshed and feel a sense of calm. Arboretums are just beautiful to **(behold)**. They are also good for your health. There are good places to get some fresh air and blow **(off)** steam. There is even a term, 'forest therapy', meaning the healing effects of walking in a forest. Arboretums are just things for forest therapy. There are also arboretums with research facilities, museums and special exhibitions, so people can learn about nature. Taking kids in particular is good for their emotional development and educaition. There are lodings near most major arboretums, so a lot of people stay overnight. 

A: Would you like to go with me to an arboretum this weekend?
B: I don't know, it sound boring. Is it nice?
A: I guarantee it. Arboretums are a great to heal. 
A: Ok, I'll go. When should we meet?

# Expressions to memorize
1. 수목원 - Arboretum
2. 잘가꾸어진 정원/집 - well-tended garden/house
3. 아름다운 배경 - beautiful backdrops
4. 상쾌해진다 - feel refreshed
5. 편안함을 느낀다 - feel a sense of calm
6. 보기에 아름다운 - beautiful to behold
7. 스트레스를 풀다 - blow off steam
8. 딱 맞는 것, 적합한 것 - just the ting
9. 1박을 하다 - stay overnight
10. 정서적인 발달 - emotional development
11. In particular - especially