---
layout: blog
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/02/22'
date: 2018-02-22 14:55:00
categories:
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about when you got the wrong order at a restaurant

A few months ago, I went to a Thai restaurant with my famliy. There was a rush probably because it was a weekend. **(We ordered our usual)**. It took a alot longer than usual because there were so many people. Most of the dishes we ordered came out without incident. However, one dish we received was something we hadn't ordered. We summoned a waiter and told him about the **(mistaken)** order. We asked for reason, but he said that we had ordered the dish. We told him that this was far from the truth and gave him our order again. Finally, the waiter took the dish and put in our order. we had to wait a long time to receive our food. I was angry because our dinner was intterupted so many times. We **(logded)** a complaint about the waiter. The manager apologized. She said she would comp to the dish that came out late, so we paid and left.

A: I'm so angry. That waiter was so rude!
B: Just let it go. **(You'll get)** your food in a few minutes.
A: The food isn't the problem. The waiter should have appolized.
B: I think he god confused because there are so many people.

# Expressions to memorize
1. 사람들이 몰렸었다. -  There was a rush.
2. 늘 하던데로 주문했다. - We ordered our usual.
3. 평소 때 보다 많은 시간이 걸렸다 - It took a lot longer than usual.
4. 문제 없이 나왔다 - came out without incident.
5. 잘못된 주문 - mistaken order
6. 유리가 이유를 물어 봤더니 - We asked for a reason.
7. 사실이 아니다. 사실과는 거리가 멀디 - This is far from the truth.
8. 종업원에 대해서 항의를 했다 - lodged the complaint about the waiter.
    - lodge - 제기하다.
9. 그 음식을 무료로 제공하겠다고 했다. - she would comp the dish. (비격식)
    - she would provied our diner free of charge.
10. 걍 잊어버려 - Just let it go.