---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018-12-11'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-12 09:49:45
---

# Dictation

## Talk about raising a baby

There is a laundry list of things to do when rasing a baby. New born babies can be breastfed or given baby formula. After a while, they are given baby food. In the interests of the babi's health, the temperture and humidity in the house has to be kept at an appropriate level. The baby also need to receive **vaccinations** on schedule. When a baby is feeling under the weather it's best to visit a doctor without delay and get a check-up. When the child gets a little bigger, he or she can be sent to a daycare center or a **nursery**. The timing will depend on the parent's employment status. Some parents might **opt to** homeschool their kids. Plus, **booster seats are a must** when a child gets in a car.

# Conversation

A: You look really stressed out today. Is something wrong?
B: It's my son. He won't stop playing video games. I'm really worried.
A: I feel your pain(얼마나 힘든지 공감이 간다). We had the same problem last year with our daughter.
B: Did you find a solution? I feel like there's nothing I can do.

# Expressions

1. 긴 목록 - laundry list
2. 모유 수유를 하다 - breastfed
3. 분유 - baby formula
4. ~을 위해서 - in the interests of
5. 적정 수준으로 유지하다 - keep at an appropriate level
6. 예방 접종을 받다 - receive vaccinations
7. 몸상태가 좋지 않다 - feel under the weather
8. 지체 없이 - without delay
9. 검진을 받다 - get a check-up
10. 어린이집 - daycare center / nursery
11. ~을 택하다 - opt to ~
12. 홈스쿨링을 하다 - homeshool (v)
13. 유아용 카시트 - booster seat
14. 필수품 - a must