---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/02/06'
date: 2018-02-07 15:16:17
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## What kind of TV program do you often watch?
When I get home early, I turn on the news while eating dinner. I increase my knowledge of current events **(while)** seeing what happened that day. Sometimes, I also watch in-depth current events programs about social issues. Late at night, I watch various entertainment shows depending on the day of the week. Now and again, I watch talk shows with several **(emcees)**, or audition programs that are showcases for musical telant. I don't always watch dramas. I only watch the dramas that people say are fun? or that are the talk of the town. These days, cable TV channles also have a lot of fun dramas with original topics. Also, these days it's easy to watch programs through VOD services, even if you miss the original broardcast. Digital TVs have become widespread, so you can just pay using your remote. You have to pay a little, but it's worth it.

A: Can you recomend a good TV show for me?
B: I've been watching a new entertainment program.
A: Is it good? Who is in it?
A: It's riot. It's **(hosted)** by my favorite comedian.    

# Expressions to memorize
1. ~에 대한 식견을 넓히다. - increase my knowledge of 
2. 심층 시사 프로그램 - in-depth current events program
3. 심야에는 - late at night
4. 예능 프로그램 - entertainment shows
5. 요일에 따라 - depending on the day of the week
6. 때때로 - now and again
7. ~을 선보일 기회 - showcase for 
8. 화제 - talk of the town
9. 참신한 소재 - original topics
10. 보편화되다 - become widespread
11. ~가 사회를 보다 - be hosted by