---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/08/06'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 09:32:41
---

# Dictation
## Talk about how cow bone Broth is made and used in Korean cuisine
Back in the day, eating meat in Korea was a special occasion. That why people teied to make the most of every part when they butchered an animal. Cow leg bones are a prime example. The bones are boiled for hours on **end**. **An opaque broth** is made by extracting the nutrient. Cow bone broth is **chock full of collagen**, calcium, and protein. It's often used as a health food for **expectant** mothers, the elderly, or the weak. It is packed with flavor, so it's often used in broth-based dished. Broth-based dishes are a strong point in Korean cuisine because they allow many people to dig in with smaller amount of meat. Boiled bones can be reboiled a few more times. The broth becomes thinner each time, so the bones are usually thrown away after being boild three times.

# Conversation
A: It's almost dinner time already. I'm a litte hungry.
B: Me too. Do you want to eat at home or should we go to a restaurant?
A: I can't weep something up. restaurants are so expensive these days.
B: OK. That sounds like a plan.

# Expressions
1. 국, 묽은 스프 - broth
2. 옛날에 - Back in the day
3. ~을 최대한 활용하다 - make the most of
4. 도축하다 - butcher an animal
5. 대표적인 사례 - prime example
6. 몇시간 동안 계속 - for hours on end
7. 뽀얀 국물 - opaque broth
8. 의~ 함량이 풍부한 - chock full of ~
9. 임산부 - expectant mothers
10. 맛이 풍부하다 - it's packed with flvor
11. 국물요리 - broth-based dishes
12. 맘껏 먹다 - dig in
13. 묽어지다 - becomes thinner
14. 간단하게 뚝딱 먹을 것을 준비할 수 있다 - I can whip something up
15. 좋은 계획인데? - That sounds like a plan