---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/09/13'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-13 09:01:41
---

# Dictation

## Talk about constipation

Good **바워 bowel** movements are important for your health. It becomes difficult to go number two, or your stools become hard when you are constipated. Constipation is a common symptom and can happen to anyone. The number of ads for constipation medication on TV and online isn’t indicator of how come it is. Constipation can occur for various reasons. It can be a result of not drinking enough fluids, or eating too little. It can also be triggered by eating habbits that are heavy on meats and flour. When someone is contipated, they will feel bloated and spend a lot of time in the bathroom. It's most common to take medication to treat constipation. I can also be treated on a fudamental level through diatery therapy. There are many treatments, but constipation usually get better with time.
​

# Conversation

A: Are you sick? You've been quiet all morining.
B: It's nothing serious. I'm just really consitopated.
A: Oh, no. I feel your pain. Have you tried drinking some cold water?
B: Yes, but it didn't help. Maybe I should take some medication.

# Expressions

1. 배변 - bowel movement
2. 변을 잘 보는 것 - good bowel movement
3. 대변을 보다 - go number two
4. 대변이 딱딱해지다 - stools become hard
5. 흔한 증상 - common symptom
6. ~을 나타내는 지표 - an indicator of ~
7. 수분을 섭취하다 - drink fluids
8. 식습관에 의해서 발생하다 - be triggered by eating habbits
9. ~위주의 - heavy on
10. 속이 더부룩하다 - feel bloated
11. 약을 복용하다 - take medication / take medecine
12. 근본적으로 - on a fundamental level
13. 식이요법 - diatery therapy
14. 시간이 지남에 따라 나아지다 - get better with time