---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/04/26'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-04 23:15:10
---

# Dictation
## Talk about when you came down with a cold

A few month ago, I came down with a rotten cold. At first, I had a runny stuffy nose. Then I got a soar throat and I coughed a lot. After a while, I couldn't speak because of my swollen throat. It was painful just to swallow food. I was running a fever and I had body aches. At first, I went to the pharmercy and took over-the-counter medicine. That didn't do the trick, so I went to the hospital. I received treatment and I got a prescription. The doctor told me to eat well and to get plenty of bed rest. He gave me enough medicine for three days, and told me to make a return **(visit)** if I didn't get back on feet by then. While I was sick, I lost my appetite and I lost some weight. Ever since then, I **(resolved to get a flu shot)** every year if possible. 

A: Why are you here alone. I thought you were coming with Sera.
B: I was goging to, but she's feeling under the weather.
A: Oh no, what's worng? Did she come down with a cold?
B: I think so. It sounded like she had a swollen throat.
 
# Expressions

1. 감기에 걸리다 - came down with a cold 
2. 콧물이 나다/코가 막히다 - have a runny nose / stuffy nose
3. 부은 목 - swollen throat
4. 열이 나다 - run a fever
5. 몸살 통증 - body ache
6. 무처방 의약품 - over-the-counter medicine
7. 효과가 있다 - do the trick
8. 진료를 받다 - receive treatment
9. 처방전을 받다 - get a prescription
10. 누워서 충분한 휴식을 취하다 - get plenty of bed rest
11. 다시 방문하다 - make a return visit
12. 컨디션을 회복하다 - get back on one's feet
13. ~ 하기로 결심하다 - I resolve to ~
14. 예방접종을 하다 - get a flu shot
15. 몸 상태가 안좋대 - She's feeling under the weather.