---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2019-02-18'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-03-02 22:31:37
---

# Dictation

## Talk about various themed cafes in Korea

These days, cafes aren't solely for the purpose of drinking coffee and shooting the breeze with people. You can see lots of people poring over books or working on their laptops. Many cafes have speical seats set asides for these customers to study or work. There are also many study cafes, tailored to the needs of study groups. Groups can rent out study room for reasonable prices so they are popular among the students. There are also cafes that operate unmanned around the clock as well as **nap** cafes where customers can catch up a few Z's. In addition, there are dog cafes and cat cafes where visitors can go with their **furry friends**. Comic books cafes for reading comics are perennial favorite, and kids' cafes are themed spaces for parents and their little ones. As customers' needs become diversified, cafes are catering to those needs with various themes.

# Conversation

A: Hey what are you doing this weekend. Are you busy on  Saturday?
B: Not really. I just have to clean the house. Why? Are you doing something fun?
A: I'm going to a pet cafe with some friends. Do you want to bring your dog?
B: That sounds like fun. Sign me up. What time should I meet you?


# Expressions

1. ~을 위한 - for the purpose
2. 수다를 떨다 - shoot the breeze
3. 오로지 - solely
4. 공부하다 - pore over ~
5. ~를 위해 할애를 해두다 - set aside for ~
6. ~의 요구에 맞춘 - tailored to the needs of ~
7. 무인으로 운영하다 - operate unmmaned
8. 24시간 내내 - around the clock
9. 잠깐 수면을 취하다 - catch a few Z's
10. 반려 동물 - furry firends
11. 다양해지다 - become deversified
12. 아동 - little one
13. 늘 인기 있는 것 - perennial favorite
14. 요구 사항에 맞추다 - cater to needs