---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2019-02-15'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-02-27 00:01:21
---

# Dictation

## Talk about Korea's school system

When children turn seven years old in Korea, they enter elementary school. Primary education is compulsory for everyone. The first semester begins in March, and there are two semesters in each year. After completing 6 grades, students receive a diploma and graduate from elementary school. There are three grades in middle school which everyone is **obliged** to attend as well. High school is a matter of personal choice. However, the vast majority of people attend high school and graduate after their senior year. In addition to ordiany high shools, there are also special purpose high shcools for foreign languages, science and the arts, as well as vocaltional schools. Students have to submit applications individually and be accepted to attend some shcools. Studens who don't attend high shcool can take a GED test to receive the equivalent of a diploma.

# Conversation

A: It's already mid-February. Have you decided whether you want to go to college?
B: I'm still thinking about it. I won't study more, but I also want to earn money.
A: Whatever you decide, just remember, I've got your back(난 네편이다.)
B: Thanks. I'll be sure to tell you as soon as I make a decision.


# Expressions

1. 초등 교육 - primary education 
2. 의무적/강제적인 - compulsory
3. 졸업장을 받다 - receive a diploma
4. ~을 졸업하다 - graduate from ~
5. 반드시 ~해야 한다 - be obliged to 
6. 절대 다수 - vast majority of ~
7. 고등학교 3학년 - senior year
8. 특목고 - special purpose high school
9. 실업 고등학교 - vocational schools
10. 지원서를 내다 - submit applications
11. ~에 합격하다- be accepted
12. 검정고시를 보다 - take a GED test
13. ~과 동등한 것 - the equivalent of ~