---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/18'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 09:31:49
---

# Dictation

## Talk about when you had to take tests in your life

When I was in school, I had to take tests on a regular basis. Each term, we had to take mid-term exams and final exams. I remember pulling all-nighters for test prep. I also have memories of staying up late in the library, studying with friends. When the tests were over, I felt as if a weight have been lifted, and slacked off for a few days. I also had to take a lot of tests after graduating from college to prepare for the job market. I had to take various language test several times. I also had to ready myself for certification tests. I prepared by going to test-prep academies, and taking online courses. I also prepared for the written test when I got my driver's license. I bought a workbook and studied practice questions for the test. I even took test for my personal hobbies. I am into coffe and wine, so I took tests **펄테이닝? pertaining** to those topics.

# Conversation

A: You look greate today. I like your outfit. Do you have a date?
B: I'm going to have some drinks with friends. Do you want to come?
A: **No can do**. I have a tommorow, so I have to study.
B: That's a shame. Let's do something when your exams are over.

# Expressions

1. 주기적으로 - on a regular basis
2. 밤새워 공부하다 - pull an all-nighter
3. 시험 준비 - test prep
4. 늦게까지 깨어있다 - stay up late
5. 기분이 홀가분하다 - feel as if a weight have been lifted
6. 게으름을 피우다 - slack off
7. 취업 시장 - job market
8. ~을 대비하다 - ready oneself for~
9. 시험 준비 학원 - test-prep academy
10. 인터넷 강의 - online course
11. 필기 시험 - written test
12. 예제를 풀다 - study practice questions
13. ~에 관심을 갖다 - be into
14. ~와 관련된 - pertaining to ~
15. 문제집 - workbook
16. 그럴 수 없어 - No can do