---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/05/01]'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-04 23:15:52
---

# Dictation
## Talk about your memories of the 2018 Pyungchang winter olympics

Korea played host to the 2018 winter olympics in Pyungchang. There was a lot **(hype)** surrounding the first Winter Games in Korea, and excitement **(reached a fever pitch)**. The games kiced off with the opening ceremony on February 9th. It was a jaw dropping spectacle. During the games, Korean medaled in short track speed skating and speed skating sweeping the floor with rivals. Korea also had podium finishes in snowboarding, **(bobsleigh)**, skeleton, and curling. In the end, Korea came **(in)** 7th place in the medal tally with seventeen medals altogether. It was a best-ever showing for the Winter olympics. I swelled with pride each time I saw Korean athletics take to the podium. It was very touching and I felt overcome **(with emotion)**. 

A: What was your favorite event during the Olympics?
B: For me, it was curling. I never knew it was so exciting.
A: Me too. It was on the **(edge of my seat during)** every match.
B: Next time, I want to go watch it **(in person)**.

# Expressions
1. ~을 개최하다 - play host to ~
2. ~을 둘러싼 숱한 화재 - a lot of hype surrounding
3. 절정에 달하다 - reach a fever pitch
4. 대단한 장광 - jaw dropping spectacle
5. ~종목에서 메달을 획득하다 - medal in
6. ~을 압도하다 - sweeping the floor with ~
7. 3위 안에 들다 - have a podium finish
8. 메달 집계 - medal tally
9. 모두 합쳐, 총 - altogether
10. 역대 최고의 성적 - best-ever showing
11. 자부심으로 부풀다 - sell with pride
12. 시상대에 오르다 - take to the podium
13. 감정이 북받치다 - feel overcome with emotion
14. 완전히 매료 됐었어 - I was on the edge of my seat
15. 직접,몸소 - in person
