---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/03/13'
date: 2018-03-13 11:29:43
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about your family's blood pressure

My parents are getting **(on)** in years, so they both have issues with blood pressure. My father has high blood pressure. He has been taking blood pressure medication for a number of years. When he eats, he tries to steer **(clear of)** fatty foods as well as salty or spicy foods. He does this to keep his chollesterol level in check. He used to smoke, but he recently kick the habbit. He also tries to drink in moderation. He plays tennis everyday to control his weight. Meanwhile, my mother has low blood pressure. When her blood pressure gets low, she sometimes suffers from dizziness. When that happends, she lies down and get some rests. She doesn't often go out doors when the weather is cold. From time to time, I buy her health suppliments or oriental medicine to help treat her low blood pressure.

A: What's that medicine? Are you sick?
B: No, I'm OK. I have to take it because of my high blood pressure.
A: What a **(boomer)**. Do you have to take it everyday?
B: Yes, I do. It's a little annoying, but it's not a big problem.

# Expressions
1. 나이가 들다 - get on in years
2. 관련 문제가 있다 - have issues with ~
3. 혈압약 - blood pressure medication
4. 다년간 - for a number of years
5. ~을 피하다 - steer clear of
6. ~을 조절하다 - keep something in check
7. 습관을 끊다 - kick the habbit
8. 체중을 관리하다 - control one's weight
9. 현기증에 시달리다 - suffer from dizziness
10. 때때로 - from time to time
11. 건강보조제 - health suppliments
12. 한약 - oriental medicine
13. 그 것 참 안됐네 - What a boomer.

