---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018-12-05'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-06 15:31:25
---

# Dictation

## Talk about allergic rhinitis and the flu

Like clockwork, some **seasonal maladies** arrive each time the seasons change. **Chief among them** are **hay** fever and the flu. Many people suffer from hay fever, or allergic rhinitis. When allergies act up, people will experience a runny nose, a sense of fatigue, headache, and sneezing. It can really feel like the **pits**, making it difficult to get through the day. The most effective course of action is to ease the symptoms by visiting a hospital and receiving a prescription. The flu is another common seasonal maladies. In the dead of winter, when it's very cold, the flue can be a critical issue for the elderly and for children. That's why it's best to get a flu shot before winter arrives. Receiving a flu shot definitely reduces the risk of catching the flu. People can receive the shot at local health centers or neighborhood clinics.

# Conversation

A: How are you feeling today? You look really sick yesterday.
B: I'm okay. It was my allergies. They're really bad sometime.
A: I'm glad you're feeling better. I thought you would stay home today.
B: It comes and goes(좋아졌다 나빠졌다 그래). When it's really bad, I take a medication.
​
# Expressions

1. 매우 규칙적으로 - like clockwork,
2. 계절성 질환 - seaonal maladies
3. 꽃가루 앨러지 - hay fever
4. 앨러지성 비염 - allergic rhinitis
5. 문제를 일으키다 - act up
6. 피로감 - sens of fatigue
7. 힘들게 느껴지다 - feel like the pits
8. 일상생활을 하다 - get throught the day
9. 대응책 - course of action
10. 증상을 완화하다 - ease the symptoms
11. 약 처방으로 받다 - receive a prescription
12. 한겨울 - the dead of winter
13. ~의 위험을 줄이다 - reduce the risk of ~
14. 지역 보건소 - local health center
15. 동네 병원 - neighborhood clinic