---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/05/16'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-17 13:45:28
---

# Dictation
## Talk about when you have to make appointments or reservations

People have to make reservations at various places in life. Reservations for hospitals, dental clinics, beauty salons, and nail art salons come to mind. When getting one's hair done, you won't have to wait if you make a reservation. People also told the shop before-hand whether they want to have their hair cut, get a perm, or have their hair **dyed**. It's also good to make reservations to get looked over at a hospital. People go to the hospital when they are feeling under the weather, and having to **wait can add insult to** injury. It's also common to book a table at a restaurant. On fridays or weekend when there is a dinner rush, a reservation can **prevent a wait**. It's best to make a reservation with time to spare since some places don't accept last-minutes request. When traveling, people reserve a place to stay. Reserving in advance can cut down on costs.

A: Did you have dinner at that restaurant we talk about last week?
B: Not yet. I've called several times, but I can't book a table
A: Yeah. They are really popular. **Better luck** next time.
B: I think I'll call again today. I really want to try their food.

# Expressions
1. 네일 아트 숍 - nail art salon
2. 생각 나다 - come to mind
3. 머리를 하다 - get one's hair done
4. 염색하다 - have one's hair dyed
5. 검진을 받다 - get looked over
6. 상황을 악화시키다 - add insult to injury
7. 손님이 몰리는 시간에 - when there is a dinner rush
8. ~하는 것이 좋다 - It's best to ~
9. 충분한 시간을 남겨 두고 - with time to spare
10. 촉박한 부탁 - last-minutes request
11. 숙소 - a place to stay
12. 비용을 절감하다 - can cut down on costs.
13. 다음 번에는 더 잘되기를 바랄게. - Better luck next time
