---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/05/08'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-14 12:02:55
---

# Dictation
## Talk about how you dipose of garbage

Korea has **(in effect)** standardized garbage disposal system. General ways has to be thrown out in standardized bags. The price of a bag depends on its size. When you shop **for** groceries at a grocery store, you can opt for standardized bag to carry what you purchased. You can then use the bag later to throw out trash. Recyclables must be disposed up separately. Plastics, bottles, cans, paper and glass must be separated by category. There are also bags that are set aside for food waste. People have to drain out moisture from food waste, place in a specific bag, and throw it out in a designated place. For a large disposables like furniture, people have to pay a processing fee ahead of time.

A: Where are you going? Are you throwing away the garbage?
B: Yes, our apartment takes away the garbage on Tuesdays.
A: Yuck! **That stinks to high heaven**. What's in there?
B: Sorry, we throw away all the diapers(?) in one bag.

# Expressions

1. 한국은 ~을 실행 중이다. - Korea has in effect ~
2. 쓰레기 종량제 - standardized garbage disposal system
3. 종량제 봉투 - standardized bags
4. 장을 보다 - shop for groceries
5. 선택하다 - opt for
6. 따로 폐기되다 - be disposed of separately
7. 분류별로 분리도다 - be separated by category
8. ~을 위해 지정되다 - be set aside for
9. 물기를 제거하다 - drain out moisture
10. 대형 폐기물 - large disposables
11. 처리비용을 지불하다 - pay a processing fee
12. 우웩 - Yuck
13. 우엑 그거 냄새가 너무 지독하다 - That stinks to high heaven!
