---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/04/17'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-17 20:51:20
---

# Dictation
## Talk about when you had problems with electricity at home

Last year there was a power outage in our home. It was a scheduled blackout because of the construction work on the apartment building. There was no electricity for over ten hours, so it was a bit of a **(nuisance)**. Everything in the refrigerator was **(at)** risk of melting, so we had to take measures in advance. Thankfully, the construction took place during daylight hours, so we didn't suffer the inconvenience of being in the dark. Another time, a few month ago, the circuit breaker kept tripping. I opened the fuse box and turn the power back on, but the circuit breaker tripped again. There was an eletrical short somewhere. After checking around, it looked like the air conditioner was the problem. We called the service engineer to fix it, and the problem was solved. We were more careful since then, since short circuits can cause accidents like electrical fires.

A: Hey, did you watch the match last night? It was really exciting.
B: No, I didn't. The power went out in my house, so I couldn't watch TV.
A: What rotten luck. I won't tell you what happened.
B: Thanks. I'm going to wath it later tonight on VOD.

# Expressions
1. 정전 - power outage
1. 사전 공지된 정전 - scheduled blackout
1. 공사 - construction work
1. 아파트 건물 - apartment building
1. 다소 귀찮았다 - It was a bit nuisance (뉴슨스)
1. 녹을 위험에 있었다. - was at risk of melting
1. 미리 조치를 취하다 - take measures in advance
1. 낮 시간 동안 - druing daylight hours
1. ~하는 불편함을 겪다 - suffer the inconvenience of the ~
1. 전원 차단기 - circuit breaker
1. 전원 차단기가 내려가다 - circuit breaker trips
1. 합선 - electrical short / short circuit
1. 이리저리 알아보니 - after checking around
1. 전기 화재 - electrical fires
1. 운이 참 안 따라 주네 - what rotten luck!


