---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/05/24'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-25 08:18:44
---

# Dictation
## Talk about how you shop a cloth and other fashion items

I enjoy **retail therapy** quite frequently. Often, I **leave a day open** to go shopping at an outlet mall. I like oulets because I can see products from lots of brands all-in-one go, and the prices can be a **steal** compared to ordinary shops. I usually buy weather-appropriate clothes at the change of seasons. For things like coats that I plan to hang on to, I buy from high-end brands even if I have **hefty** price tags, I also spare no expense when buying shoes. Sometimes I go to a department store **closer to home**. I go there for skin care products or accesaries. Finally, I also buy clothes through online shopping sites or through home shopping channels. I **stock up on** underwear when there are special discounts on home shopping channels. I also buy workout clothes and snikers online.

A: Wow! You look great today. Your outfit is really stylish.
B: Oh, it is? **I just threw it on**. Thanks for the compliment.
A: You don't have to be so modest. Is that a new jacket?
B: Yes it is. It was on sale at the department store, so I bought it.

# Expressions
1. 기분 전환을 위한 쇼핑 - retail therapy
2. ~을 하기 위해 날을 비워 두다 - leave a day open to ~
3. 한꺼번에 - all in one go
4. 날씨에 적절한 - weather-appropriate
5. 환절기 - the change of seasons
6. 간직하다 - hang on to
7. 가격이 매우 저렴하다 - can be a steal
8. 가격이 비싸다 - have hefty price tag
9. 비용을 아끼지 않는다 - spare no expense
10. 피부 관리 용품 - skin care products
11. 넉넉히 장만해 놓다 - stock up on
12. 운동복 - workout clothes
13. 쇼핑으로 느끼는 후회감 - buyer's remorse
14. 그냥 대충 입었어 - I just threw it on
15. 겸손한 - modest
16. 할인 중 - on sale