---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/10/01'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-01 08:56:29
---

# Dictation

## Talk about morgage loans

When people take the plurnge and **다르게 들렸음. decide** to buy the house, they often take out a loan. They usually get a morgage loan from a bank with a house as **콜레러롤? collateral**. Most banks have long-term morgage products with relatively low interest rests. The interest rate is heavily dependent on one's credit rating and trade performance. Often, the size of the loan also depends on an indivisual's income level. There're two systems. Floating interest and fixed interest. I recently received the loan from a bank to buy house. At first, I was going to get a credit loan. However, the **loanable** amount was too low, so I took out a morgage. I received the half of the house's price. I set the repayment period as 20 years. I have to pay a level payment a both of prinple and interset on a monthly basis.

# Conversation

A: You look stressed out. Is something wrong? Can I help you?
B: I'm trying to take out a morgage, but there are so much paper work.
A: I did the same thing last year. I'll walk you thorugh it (내가 알기 쉽게 설명해 줄게).
B: Thanks. It's so complicated. It feels like a foriegn language.


# Expressions

1. 큰 마음을 먹다 - take the plunge
2. 대출을 받다 - take out a loan
3. ~을 담보로 - with something as collateral
4. 낮은 금리 - low interset rate
5. ~에 따라 크게 좌우되는 - heavily dependent on ~
6. 신용 등급 - credit rating
7. 거래 실적 - trade performance
8. 대출 금액 - the size of a loan
9. 소득 수준 - income level
10. 변동/고정 금리 - floating/fixed interest
11. 대출 가능 금액 - loanable amount
12. 상관 기간을 20년으로 설정했다 - set the repayment period as 20 yers
13. 균등 분할 상환 - level payment
14. 원금과 이자 - principal and interest
15. 매달 - on a monthly basis