---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/06/06'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:07:58
---

# Dictation
## Talk about air purifiers
A lot of people have been having a tough time because of the poor air quaility in Korea recently. **On some days**, the fine dust concentration outside is very high. Quite often, it reaches dangerous level. On days like that, wearing a pollution mask is a matter of course. It's also best to refrain from going out doors. Because the air quality is so bad, a lot of households are splurging on air purifiers. For families with kids, an air prufiers is a must-have applience. They are also a common sight in office spaces. As a result, demand for air purifiers has skyrocketed. Applience makers are scrambling to develop new models as they compete for market share.

# Conversation
A: What's this machine? I don't think I've seen it before
B: It's an air purifier. I got it last week because the air quality is so bad.
A: Does it work well? I've been thinking about getting one for my house.
B: Don't put it off. It's great. I wish I had bought it sooner.

# Expressions
1. 고생하다 - have a tough time
2. 미세먼지 농도 - fine dust concentration
3. 위험 수준에 이르다 - it reaches dangerous level.
4. 그런 날에는 - on days like that
5. 당연지사 - a matter of course
6. ~을 자제하다 - refrain from
7. ~에 돈을 많이 쓰다 - splurge on
8. 가구 - household
9. 흔한 광경 - a common sight
10. 업무 공간 - office spaces
11. 치솟다 - skyrocketed
12. ~하는 것을 신속하게 행동하다 - scamble to ~
13. 시장 점유율 확보를 위해 경쟁하다 - complete for market share
14. 미루지마! - Don't put if off.
15. 진작 살껄 그랬어 - I wish I had bought it sooner. (더 빨리 샀었으면 좋았을 것을....)