---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018-12-26'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-26 12:14:46
---

# Dictation

## Talk about year-end parties in Korea

It’s very common in Korea to have year-end parties to mark the occasion of the year's end. Friends, co-workers and school alumni all have gatherings. There is a get-together for almost every group you belong to. People usually make in appearances at several such gatherings. Usually, people kick it off with dinner. Afterward, they have drinks. A lot of people are hungover the next day. They often feel **tuckered** out because of the many drinking sessions. Still, meeting people of a kind at the tail-end of the year helps to bring the year to a close. It's also a good excuse to meet old friends. This culture of year-end parties is an indispensable part of Korea's unique culture.
​

# Conversation

A: Are you feeling okay? You look a little bit sick this morning.
B: I'm really hungover. I had too much to drink at last night's year-end gathering.
A: That happened last week, too. You really should try to drink less.
B: I know. I'm kicking myself(후회하고 있어). Next time, I'm not going to drink at all.


# Expressions

1. 특별한 날을 기념하다 - mark the occasion
2. 모임 - get-together
3. 내가 소속된 단체 - group I belong to.
4. 참석하다 - make an appearance
5. ~을 시작하다 - kick something off
6. 술을 마시다 - have a drink
7. 숙취에 시달리는 - hungover
8. 지친 - turckered out
9. 술자리 - drinking session
10. 뜻이 맞는 - of a kind
11. 맨 끝 - tail-end
12. ~을 마무리 짓다 - bring something to a close
13. 빼 놓을 수 없는 부분 - indispensable part