---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2019/02/12'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-02-12 09:57:05
---

# Dictation

## Talk about how we use the gas stove

When using a gas stove, I place a pot on an appropiately sized **cooktop**, **and ignite the flame.** Opening the valve release gas, and it a spark lights the flame. When the fire doesn't catch, it's best to check whethre there is a gas leak before lighting it again. You need to adjust the flame depending on how the foold is coming along. It's really important to adjust the heat depending whehter the food calls for boiling on high heat, simmering on low heat. Sometime, I'll leave food on the stove, and it might slip my mind. When this happens, I could **burn the food to crisp** or even start a fire, so safty is of the essence. Children and companion animals sould be kept at a safe distance away from the flame. Finally, foold often spills over the stove, so it should be cleaned on a regular basis.

# Conversation

A: What's that smell? And what's all the somke? Is something burning?
B: Oops. This rag was burning. Thanks. That could've been dangerous.
A: You should be more carefule when you cook. Last time you ruin that pot.
B: That's my bad. I'll definitely watch out next time. It won't happen again.


# Expressions

1. 냄비 - pot
2. 가스레인지 윗판 - cooktop
2. 불을 점화하다 - ignite a flame
3. 불이 붙지 않다 - fire doesn't catch
4. 진행되다 - come along
5. 필요로 하다 - calls for
6. 깜빡 잊혀지다 - slip one's mind
7. ~을 바싹 태우다 - burn something to a crisp
8. 화재를 일으키다 - start a fire
9. 매우 중요한 - of the essence
10. 반려 동물 - compainon animal
11. ~으로부터 안전한 거리 - at a safe distance away from ~
12. 넘치다 - spill over
13. 주기적으로 - on a regular basis
14. 행주 - rag