---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018-12-06'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-06 15:31:32
---

# Dictation

## Talk about eco-friendly cars

Cars with internal 컴바스쳔(?) **combustion** engines that use gasoline or diesel **were** invented more than a hundred years ago. For all that time, they have been a major means of transportation. However, their biggest side effect is air pollution due to exhaust gases. With stronger regulations to crack down on such environmental issues, eco-friendly cars become necessary. Major car makers are across the globe are upping their effort to develop and commercialize electric cars and hydrogen cars. One of the two methods will top the heap in the future. Electric cars are in **lead** now because their production costs are lower and charging facilities are easy to install. However, they are limited by long charging time and their length of range. In any case, eco-friendly cars will become the norm in the near future.

# Conversation

A: I need to buy a new car, but I don't know which model to get.
B: Have you considered buying an electric car? They're really common these days.
A: I haven't given it much thought. (별로 고려해 보지 앟았어.) I'm so used to diesel cars.
B: You should think about it. Electric cars are better for the environment.

# Expressions

1. 내연 기관 - internal combustion engine
2. 그 오랜 시간 동안 - for all that time,
3. 주요 교통 수단 - a major means of transportation
4. 부작용 - side effect
5. 배기가스 - exaust gas
6. ~을 규제하다 - crack down on ~
7. 전 세계적으로 - across the globe
8. 노력에 박차를 가하다 - up one's efforts
9. 가능성이 높은 - more likely than not
10. 선두를 차지하다 - top the heap
11. 선두에 있는 - in the lead
12. 제조 단가 - production costs
13. 충전 시설 - charging facility
14. ~의 제약을 받다 - be limited by ~
15. 충전 시간 - charging time
16. 주행 가능 거리 - length of range
17. 어찌 됐든 - in any case
18. 머지 않아 - in the near future
19. 대세가 되다 - become the norm