---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/09/20'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-20 09:08:41
---

# Dictation

## Talk about various ways eggs are cooked

Eggs are among the most common ingredients that we eat. They are healthy and nutritious, so they are often used as a health food. They are also a key ingredient in food like bread or cookies. The most common way to eat an egg is to fry it in a pan. You can cook it sunny-side up or over easy. Boiling eggs is also a common way to cook eggs. The egg yolk is complete cooked in a hard-boild egg, but only partially cooked in a soft-boiled egg. A rolled omelet is a popular as a side dish or as a bar snack. It is made by beating an egg with various ingredients and rolling it up as it cooks. The flavor denpends on the stuffing ingredients and sauce. People also eat scrambled eggs and omulets. It is also a must-have when making Korea style toast.

# Conversation

A: These eggs are delicious. I've never had such tasty eggs before.
B: I'm glad you like them. Would you like seconds?
A: How do you cook them? What's your secret?
B: I cook them over low heat. Also, I use a lot of butter.


# Expressions

1. 건강에 좋은 - healthy
2. 건강식 - health food
3. 주재료 - key ingredient
4. 계란을 뒤집지 않고 익힌 - sunny-side up
5. 계란을 한쪽 면이 거의 다 익은 후에 뒤집어 한쪽은 살짝만 익힌 - over easy
6. 계란 노른자 - egg yolk
7. 완숙으로 삶은 - hard-boiled
8. 반숙으로 삶은 - soft-boiled
9. 계란말이 - rolled omelet
10. 안주 - bar snack
11. 계란을 풀다/휘젓다 - beat an egg
12. 속재료 - stuffing ingredients
13. 반드시 필요한 것(명사형) - a must-have

