---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/06/19'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:08:27
---

# Dictation
## Talk about experience of going to baseball stadiums
Professional baseball is the most popular sport in Korea. Each team **hails from** a major city as its home town. Every team is backed by fans from a particular region. The number of people making their way to stadiums to watch games during the pro basebal season is **on an upward trend**. Man, women, and children all go to watch the games. It's a lot of fun **to** follow the lead of cheer leders during the game, and support the team as a group. The atmosphere get hitted and people get **psyched** up. Food goes hand in hand with baseball games. You can order food over the phone, and have it delivered to your seat. Cold beer and various drinks are also available on the grounds. Because so many people **flock** to the stadium, getting your hands on tickets can be quite difficult.

# Conversation
A: How did you spend your weekend? Did you do anything fun?
B: I went to a baseball stadium for the first time in my life. My girl friend **had** tickets.
A: Did you have a good time? I love going to baseball staduims.
B: It wasn't for me. It was noisy and the weather was too hot.

# Expressions
1. ~ 출신이다. - hails from
2. 대도시 - major city
3. ~의 지원을 받다 - be backed by ~
4. ~을 찾아가다 - make someone's way to
5. 증가 추세이다 - be on an upward trend.
6. ~을 따르다 - follow the lead of
7. 흥분하다 - get psyched up
8. ~와 불가분의 관계이다 - go hand in hand with ~
9. 전화로 - over the phone
10. 현장에서 - on the grounds
11. ~으로 몰리다 - flock to 
12. 네 취향은 아니었어 - It wasn't for me.