---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2019/02/11'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-02-11 18:16:46
---

# Dictation

## Talk about some rules of table manners you follow

There are some table manners in Korea. One of the most imporntant rules is that it is good form to give thanks for your food before you tuck in. It's also polite to wait for your elders to begin eating first. In most families, children wait until their parents start eating, and then follow suit. For shared dishes, it's best to portion off the amount you will eat onto your own plate. You shouldn't make chewing noises when you eat. It's also impolte to blow your nose or **burp** while eating. Checking your phone or sending text is also **a slight to **the people you're eating with. You should focus your attention on the meal. If you have to get up early after eating, you should ask to be excused.

# Conversation

A: What are you doing? Why are you eating your food with your fingers?
B: I can't eat chicken with a fork. It's too hard to get the meat off the bone.
A: Don't be such a slob(지저분하게 굴지마). This is a fine dining restaurant. People are looking.
B: I said I wanted to go to a chicken place. You're the one who chose this place.


# Expressions

1. 식사 예절 - table manner
2. 예의에 맞는 행동 - good form
3. 식사를 시작하다 - tuck in
4. 연장자 - someone's elder
5. 따라서 하다 - follow suit
6. 함께 먹는 음식 - shared dish
7. 덜어내다 - portion off
8. 코를 풀다 - blow one's nose
9. 트림하다 - burp
10. ~에 대한 실례 - a slight to ~
11. ~에 관심을 집중하다 - focus one's attention
