---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/10/16'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-22 21:23:59
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the importance of being punctual

I think it's really important to be puctual. I always do my best to show up on time when I make time commitments with others. I don't want people to wait on my behalf. I commit to work-realted meetings at all cost. I usually try to arrive five minute ahead of time before everyone else. The same goes for work deadlines. I do my utmost to finish work by the appointed time. I also try to arrive on time when I meet my friends for get-togethers. When I'm running late because I'm stuck in traffic or for whatever reason, I send a message asking to be excused. Being puctual is a basic show of respect to others. When I see people who are habiually late, I **bums** me out a little. If they picked up their feet just a little, they wouldn't be so late.

# Conversation

A: Are you almost ready? We have to leave soon.
B: I took a shower, but I still have to get dressed. Are we late?
A: Pick up the pace. We're not late yet, but there's not much time.
B: OKay, Just give me five minutes. I want to get there on time, too.


# Expressions

1. 시간을 지키다 - be punctual
2. 시간 약속을 하다 - make a time commitment
3. ~을 위해서 - on someone's behalf
4. ~을 지키다 - commit to
5. 어떻게 해서라도 - at all cost
6. ~도 마찬가지다 - the same goes for ~
7. 최선을 다하다 - do my utmost
8. 약속된 시간까지 - by the appointed time
9. 모임 - get-together
10. 양해를 구하다 - asking to be excused
11. 부지런히 서두르다 - pick up one's feet