---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/04/30]'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-04 23:15:46
---

# Dictation
## Talk about bullying at schools

Everyone has some kind of experience of being bullied in school. School bullying, however, has gone to extremes these days, and has become a serious social problem. Many students have become the victim of continous **(harresment)** and violence. There are cases of extreme group violence where one student gets brutally beat up by bullies. The video clips of these cases that are posted up **(appalling)** and shocking. It is especially sad when some victims decide to take their own lives **(due)** to enoumorus amount of stress they get. There needs to be stronger measures to fundamentally cope with school violence. Schools, parents, and fellow students all have to take part in **(the efforts to)** root out school bullying. School bullies have to be punished severely. Plus, we need to help the victims heal and give them more attention.

A: Many students are being bullied in school. 
B: I know. It's such a shame. 
A: Schools really need to do something about school bullying.
B: I totally agree with you.

# Expressions

1. 괴롭힘을 당하다 - be bullied 
2. 극단적이 되다 - go to extremes
3. 괴롭힘 - harresment(허레스먼트)
4. ~경우도 있다 - There are cases of
5. 집단 폭행 - group violence
6. 참혹하게 구타를 당하다 - get brutally beat up
7. 인터넷에 올리오는 - that are posted up
8. 끔찍하고 충격적인 - appalling(어팔링) and shocking
9. 스스로 목숨을 끊다 - take one's own life
10. 뭔가가 시급하다 - There needs to be something
11. 대처하다 - cope with, handle with, deal with
12. 동료 학생들 - fellow students
13. 노력에 동참하다 - take part in the effort
14. 학내 괴롭힘을 근절하다 - root out school bullyings
15. ~에게 관심을 더 주다 - give someone more attention.
16. 정말 안타까운 일이야 - It's such a shame.