---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018-12-27'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-26 12:14:55
---

# Dictation

## Talk about skiing and snowboarding in Korea

The winter weather is very cold in Korea and we get a lot of snow, so it's tailor-made for enjoying winter sports. Lots of Korean people enjoy skiing and snowboarding. When ski season starts in **earnest** December, the ski slops are swarming with people. People travel to ski resorts in droves. Accommodation facilities are filled to the point of bursting, and it's hard to **nab** a reservation on weekends. Vacations at ski resorts provide unforgettable memories in the snow. People often feel **famished** after having a ball in the cold weather. There is a wide array of restaurants within a **shout** of the ski slopes. Getting delicious food or cooking back at the camp is another highlight of ski trips. However, there is a risk of injury with winter sports, so it's important to follow the safety regulations.

# Conversation

A: How was your skiing trip. Did you have a good time?
B: It was great. I snowboarded all day and even at night.
A: I glad you had fun. Last time, you seemed really tired.
B: This time I didn't fall over so often. I'm getting the hang of it (좀 알 것 같아).

# Expressions

1. 눈이 많이 내리다 - get a lot of snow
2. 딱 맞는 - tailor-made
3. 본격적으로 시작하다 - start in earnest
4. ~으로 가득하다 - swarm with
5. 대거 - indroves
6. 터질 듯이 꽉찬 - filled to the point of bursting
7. 힘들게 예약을 하다 - nab a reservation
8. 잊을 수 없는 추억 - unforgettable memory
9. 몹시 배가 고프다 - feel famished
10. 신나게 즐기다 - have a ball
11. 다양한 - a wide array of ~
12. 가까운 거리에 - within a shout of ~
13. 숙소로 돌아가서 - back at camp
14. 부상의 위험 - risk of injury
15. 안전 수칙 - safety regulations
16. 지난번에는 - last time
