---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/06/11'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:08:10
---

# Dictation
## Talk about rental products

There is wide selection of items that you can rent these days. You sign a contract for a fixed period of time and pay **a** set fee each month to use the product. For items with hafty price tags, this can ease the financial burden. Sometimes the item becomes the user's **for good** after the rental period is over. Services from company specializing in these rentals are becoming diversified. The most prominent examples are water purifiers, bidets, and air purifiers. You can even rent **matresses**. An advantage of rental services is that service technitians from the company visit each month to maintain the condition of the item. This is helpful in using items **to greater effect** and more cleanly.

# Conversation
A: I like this water pruifier, but it's so expensive. Should I buy it?
B: Try renting it first. If you like it, you can buy it later.
A: What if I don't like it and I want to use something else?
B: You can end the rental at any time. There are not stings attached.

# Expressions
1. 다양한 종류의 - a wide selection of
2. 약정을 하다 - sign a contract
3. 일정 기간 동안 - for a fixed period of time
4. 정해진 요금을 지불하다 - pay a set fee
5. 높은 가격의 - with hefty price tags
6. 비용부담을 덜다 - ease the finalcial burden
7. 영구적으로 - for good
8. 다변화되고 있다 - is becoming deversified.
9. 대표적인 예 - prominent example
10. 서비스 기사 - service technician
11. ~의 상태를 유지하다 - maintiain the condition of ~
12. 더욱 횩과적으로 - to greater effect
13. 아무런 추가 조건도 없어. - there are no strings attached.