---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/05/03]'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-04 23:15:59
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the ME TOO movement.
Sexual violence has been a **(persistent)** social issue. Abusing one's a story to commit sexual harresment or sexual assault is a type of crime that is rotten to the **(core)**. It must be wiped out completely. Recently, victims of such crimes have been bringing to light their experiences. It has been called the ME TOO movement. The movement is picking up speed all around world. The people at fault include public **(figures)** such as powerful politians and people that have a lot of sway in the **(fields of)** arts and culture. These incidents have the public **(fuming)**. People from all **(walks)** of life are calling for criminals to be punished to the **(fullest)** People are aware of the need to pull the sex crimes up by the roots.

A: What do you think about the ME TOO movement these days.
B: I think it should have happended much sooner.
A: Better late than never.
B: You're right. It's a problem that need to be **(dealt)** with seriously.

# Expressions
1. 성폭력 - sexual violence 
2. 직위를 남용하다 - abusing one's authority
3. 성희롱 - sexsual harresment
4. 성폭행 - sexual assault
5. 근본적으로 악질인 - rotten to the core
6. 그 것은 완전히 척결되어야 한다 - It must be wiped out completely
7. 널리 밝히다 - bring to light
8. 탄력을 받다 - pick up speed
9. 가해자 - people at fault
10. 영향력이 크다 - have a lot of sway
11. 대중의 공분을 사다 - have the public fuming
12. 사회 각계의 사람들 - people from all walks of life
13. 쵀대한의 처벌를 받다 - punish to the fullest.
14. 뿌리를 뽑다 - pull something up by the roots
15. 