---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/02/19'
date: 2018-02-19 22:32:55
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about when you renovated your home

I once called on a friend at her apartment, and her house was really nice. She has recently renovated her home. I decied that I'll also renovate my apartment. First, I called a company that specialize in home renovation. I explained what I had in mind, and receive the **(quote)**. Fisrt, we redid the floor and **(switched out)** the wallpaper. We repainted the balcony and gave the bathroom a makeover. We also put up new curtains. It took a week to wrap up the construction work, so we had to stay over at a **(realative's)** house. Once the renovation was finished, house looked completely new. The house is old, but it didn't look out of date at all. It cost some money, but I didn't **(begrudge)** the cost. For a while, I felt great every time I got home.

A: Is something wrong? Why do you look so worried?
B: We're renovating our house. I need to find a place to sleep.
A: Don't worry about that. You can stay at my place.
B: Wow! Thanks a lot. I only need to stay for one night.

# Expressions to memorize

1. 방문하다 - call on
2. ~을 전문적으로 하다 - specialize in
3. 내가 생각하고 있는 것을 설명했다. - explained what I had in mind
4. 견적을 받다 - receive a quote
5. 바닥재를 다시 깔다 - redo the floor
6. 벽지를 교체하다 - switched out the wallpaper
7. 욕실을 새단장하다 - give bathroom a makeover
8. ~에서 지내다 - stay over at
9. 낡아보이다 - look out of date
10. 비용을 아까워하다 - begrudge(bɪ|grʌdƷ) the cost