---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018-12-25'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-26 12:14:39
---

# Dictation

## Talk about Christmas in Korea

Christmas in Korea is widely considered a day to live it up with friends or lovers. A romantic atmosphere fills the street with the sounds of Christmas carols. Almost everyone who is in a relationship will go on a date. People crowd the street until the small hours of Christmas morning. Single people often go to bars or clubs in groups. The most popular restaurants require reservations, or else you won't be seated. The same goes for lodgings. Finding a room can be an **uphill battle**. For people who attend church, Christmas has deep significance. They spend a holiday in a **solemn** atmosphere. But, for the religious types as well, Christmas is a festive holiday. It's also when young people receive gifts from Santa Clause, so they wait for it with **bells on**.

# Conversation

A: Have you decided where to have dinner on Chirstmas Eve?
B: I'm trying to get a reservation at that italian restaurant you told me about.
A: Fat chance(절대 안될걸). They're so popular, they've been fully booked since November.
B: Oh no. Are you sure? My girl friend really wanted to eat there.

# Expressions

1. 널리 여겨지다 - be widely considered
2. 마음껏 즐기다 - live it up
3. 낭만적인 분위기 - romantic atmosphere
4. 연애 중인 - in a relationship
5. 거리에 붐비다 - crowd the street
6. 새벽 이른 시간 - small hours
7. 단체로 - in groups
8. 예약이 필수다 - require reservations
9. 자리를 제공받다 - be seated
10. 그렇지 않으면 - or else (otherwise, if not)
11. ~도 마찬가지다 - the same goes for 
12. 힘든 일 - uphill battle (힘든 싸움)
13. 교회에 다니다 - attend church
14. 중대한 의미 - deep significance
15. 경건한 분위기로 - in a solemn atmosphere
16. 신앙심이 깊은 사람 - religious type
17. 즐거운 기념일 - festive holiday
18. 즐겁게 - with bells on (기꺼이)