---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/12'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-07-06 09:31:13
---

# Dictation
## Talk about whether you like or dislike eating spicy food
Korea has its fair share of spicy foods. I can hold my own when eating spicy dishes. I couldn't eat them when I was younger, but I began to develop a taste for them when I became older. When I have a **돈 ?dull** appetite, eating dishes with spicy seasoning can work wonders. My favorites are stews made with chilli paste or 청양 chilli peppers. I also have a soft spot for seafood dishes made with spicy sauces. Even when I order humburgers or pasta, I choose items that have a little heat. Of course, I can get **heartburn** if I eat too much spicy food. I try to take the **애쥐압? edge off** by ordering mild foods and side dishes. Drinking sweat beverages or milk can also **settle the stomach** when eating a lot of spicy food.

# Conversation
A: I ate a very spicy chilli pepper. I feel like my tung is on fire.
B: Did you try drining some water or milk? 
A: Yes, I tried everything. It didn't help. What should I do?
B: You will just have to wait it out. Would you like a candy?

# Expressions
1. ~이 상당히 있다 - has one's fair share of ~
2. 남들 못지 않게 하다 - hold someone's own
3. ~ 맛을 즐기게 되다 - develop a taste for ~
4. 입맛이 없다 - have a dull appetite
5. 매운 양념 - spicy seasoning
6. 탁월한 효과를 보이다 - work wonders
7. 고추장 - chilli paste
8. 청양 고추 - Cheongyang chill pepper
9. ~을 좋아하다 - have a soft spot for ~
10. 좀 맵다 - have a little heat
11. 속이 쓰리다 - get heartburn
12. 효과를 완화시키다 - take the edge off
13. 속을 달래다 - settle the stomach
14. 기다리는 수 밖에 없어 - You'll just have to wait it out.