---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/04/09'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-12 23:44:02
---

# Dictation
## Talk about what you consider when you pick a restaurant to eat at

When I choose a restaurant, first **(and foremost)**, I think about falvor. Everyone has different tastes. However, When I search online for reviews and come across a place with a lot of rave reviews, I will probably go there. Food reviews often include photos and the menu. So, I can decide what to order ahead of time. I also think about the restaurant's atmosphere. The atmosphere can make or break a meal at a restaurant. I go to places where the atmosphere **(acts as a complement to)** the type of food. Most places these days **(spruce up)** the mood with one-of-a-kind styles. Finally, I also have to take inot account the price. Even the best restaurant is out of the question if the prices are too expensive. Finding a place where the price is right is a basic part of choosing a restaurant.

A: I went to that new thai restaurant yesterday for dinner.
B: How did you like it? I didn't like it because there was too much cilantro.
A: I like it a lot. The food was delicious, and the prices were low.
B: To each his own. I won't be going there again.

# Expressions
1. 가장 우선적으로 - first and foremost
1. 인터넷을 검색하다 - search online
1. 발견하다 - come across
1. 극찬하는 리뷰들 - rave reviews
1. 사전에 - ahead of time
1. 성패를 좌우한다 - make or break
1. ~에 적합하게 보완하다 - act as a complement to
1. 멋지게 꾸미다 - spruce up
1. 개성이 넘치는 스타일 - one-of-a-kind styles
1. 고려하다 - take into account
1. 전혀 고려 대상이 아니다 - be out of the question
1. 가격이 적합하다 - the price is right
1. 누구든 취향은 자유니까 - to each his own


