---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/06/07'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:08:00
---

# Dictation
## Talk about hair loss

Just a few years ago, I used to think that hair loss was someone else's problem. I had a thick head of hair. So, I thought that wouldn't have **to fruss and fret over** hair loss. Things weren't going according to plan at work and I was feeling stressed out for a while. I developed partial **baldness** on the back of head. I got a prescription from a clinic and received a treatment, but it took ages for my hair to grow back. It **gnawed awat at** me all the time. Later on, I began to lose even more hair. My hair grew thiner and I had a receding hair line. I started to look older than my age. My friends pointed me in the direction of a hair loss clinic. There were treatments like hair transplants, but they cost eye-watering prices. I couldn't easily take the plant. Nowadays, I'm using hair loss prevention shampoo and scalp care products.

# Conversation

A: You look really stressed out today. Is something wrong?
B: I've losing a lot of hair recently. What do you think I should do?
A: You're asking the wrong person. You should ask dave. He lost a lot of hair before.
B: That's a good idea. I'll ask him how he grew so much of his hair back.

# Expressions
1. 남의 문제 - someone else's problem 
2. 난 모발이 굵다 - I have a thick head of hair.
3. 부분 탈모 - partial baldness
4. ~으로 고민하다 - fruss and fret over ~
5. 계획대로 진행되다 - go according to plan
6. 스트레스르 받다 - feel stressed out
7. 부분 탈모 - partial baldness
8. 치료를 받다 - receive treatment
9. 시간이 오래 걸리다 - took ages
10. ~을 지속적으로 괴롭히다 - gnaw away at ~
11. 그 뒤에 - later on
12. 내 모발이 가늘어지다 - my hair grow thinner
13. 뒤로 올라가는 머리 선 - receding hairline
14. someone을 ~으로 안내하다/추천하다 - point someone in the direction of ~
15. 모발 이식 - hair transplants
16. 높은 비용 - eye-watering prices
17. 결단을 내리다 - take the plunge
18. 탈모 방지 샴푸 - hair loss prevention shampoo
19. 두피 관리 용품 - scalp care products