---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/23'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-07-06 09:31:59
---

# Dictation

## Talk about wedding guests in Korea

At most Korean weddings, dozens of people are invited. Even large-scale weddings with over 400 guests are **run-of-the-mill**. In addition to close family, acquaintances and friends are all invited. Very often, the parents of the **비츠로스드? betrothed** invite more guests than the groom and the bride. Wedding invitations are sent out to everyone before the wedding. They might be delivered person-to-person or by post. These days there are also online invitations. The links are sent to the guests by messenger app. When guest attend the wedding, they sign the guest registry and give a monetary gift. The amount depends on the degree of intimacy with the bride or groom. These days small-scale weddings are also gaining on larger weddings. In these cases, only close friends and family are invited.

# Conversation

A: I have big news. I’m getting married next month.
B: Wow congratulations. You must be really busy these days.
A: I am. Here’s your invitation. Do you think you can come?
B: Are you kidding? I wouldn’t miss it for the world.

# Expressions

1. 수십의 - dozens of
2. 대규모의 - large-scale of
3. 평범한 - run-of-the-mill
4. 약혼자 - the betrothed
5. 직접 - person-to-perosn
6. 우편으로 - by post
7. 방명록에 서명하다 - sign the guest registry
8. 축의금 - monetary[mάnətèri] gift
9. 친밀도 - the degree of intimacy
10. ~을 따라잡다 - gain on
11. 무슨일이 있어도 참석해야지 - I wouldn't mss it for the world