---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/02/08'
date: 2018-02-15 16:10:04
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Where do you normally shop for clothes?
I buy clothes from various places. Instead of deciding in advance to buy clothes I have an **(inpromptu)** style of shopping. In other words, I like to buy clothes whenever I get a chance. Sometimes, I buy clothes from underground arcades when I take the subway. I also buy nice clothes at low prices at outlet malls. For clothes **(like coats)** that I have to wear for a long time I buy items from high-end brands even if they cost more. The same goes for shoes. I buy cheep shoes to wear casually, but I buy expensive shoes for formal occassions. I also buy a lot of clothes through online shopping these days. With some effort, I can buy various items for bargin prices. Of course, there is a risk because I can't try on the clothes before I buy them. It's become much easier to shop **(for)** clothes or shoes than before.

A: I really like your new seater. It's a lovely color.
B: Thanks. I only paid 9 thousand and 9 hundred won for it.
A: What a steel! Where did you buy it?
B: I bought it on cell on online mall.

# Expressions to memorize
1. 즉흥적인 스타일 - an impromptu style
2. 기화가 올때마다 - whenever I get a chance
3. 지하 상가 - underground arcades
4. 고가의 제품을 산다 - buy items from high-end brands
5. ~도 마찬가지다. - the same goes for~
6. 격식을 차린 자리 - formal occasions
7. 노력을 해서 - With some effort,
8. 다양한 것들을 염가로 살 수 있다 - can buy various items for bargin prices.