---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/09/21'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-27 08:58:03
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the typical housing culture in Korea

In major Korea cities where the population density is high, apartments far outnumber stand-alone houses. People live in shared living spaces with many households grouped together. Most people take off their shoes indoors. People wear socks or go barefoot. The most unqiue aspect of Korean homes, is the heated floors. The heating system heats up the floor. Heat comes up from the bottom warming up the air inside. Most bathrooms in Korea have drains in the floor, so that water can drain out. It convenient for hosing down the bathroom. But someimes, people lose their footing and fall. Since there are so many apartments without separate yards or gardens, many households keep **potted** plants on the balcony. Most households are in possesion of at least one car, so apartment buildings have several underground floors for parking.

# Conversation

A: Wow! Your apartment is really beautiful! The interior decorations are great.
B: Thank you for saying so. Make yourself at home (편하게 있어).
A: Are you still cooking dinner? I can help you if you'd like.
B: It's OK. I'm alomost done. We can eat when everyone gets here.


# Expressions

1. 인구 밀도가 높다 - population density is high
2. ~보다 훨씬 많다 -  far outnumber ~
3. 한 곳에 모으다 - group together
4. 맨발로 다니다 - go barefoot
5. 온돌바닥 - heated floor
6. 실내 공기 - air inside
7. 배수구 - drain
8. 흘러나가다 - drain out
9. 물을 뿌려 청소하다 - hose down
10. 발을 헛디디다 - lose my footing
11. 화분 - potted plants
12. ~을 소유중이다 - be in possesion of ~