---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/12/13'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-13 09:20:57
---

# Dictation

## Talk about webtoons

These days, computer screens and mobile devices are the preferred means of viewing content. Comics are no exception. Webtoons that can be read online have hit the big-time, and they’re edging out traditional comic books. They’re very convenient because they can be read on devices while on the move. Also, you can always mark out how far you read. Because webtoons are so popular, high-profile cartoonists have hundreds of thousands of subscribers. Popular webtoons are adapted into TV programs or even movies. Some are translated into other languages. Webtoons authors have become a popular job category, so there are training schools that provide professional programs. You can even major in webtoons at some colleges. It seems like webtoons are not a passing fad.
​
# Conversation

A: Can I borrow your phone? I need to do an internet search.
B: Sorry, but you can't use it. I used up all my data(데이터를 다 써버렸어).
A: Already? But it's still only the middle of the month.
B: I've been reading this new webtoon. It's really addictive.

# Expressions

1. ~의 선호 수단 - the preferred means of ~
2. ~도 예외가 아니다. - be no exception
3. 대세가 되다 - hit the big-time
4. 밀어내다/우위를 빼앗다 - edge out
5. 이동 중에 - on the move
6. 얼마나 읽었는지 - how fare you've read
7. 유명한 - high-profile
8. ~을 ~으로 각색하다 - adapt something into ~
9. 직군 - job category
10. 양성 학원 - training school
11. 지나가는 유행 - passing fad