---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/09/18'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-18 08:47:06
---

# Dictation

## Talk about various movie genres

Movies are pop culture content accessible to anyone. Foreign movies are popular in Korea, but domestic works are also entertaining and **하우바투스틱메릿--? have artistic merit**,so filmgoers watch movies **인드로브스 in drovies**. On average, Koreans watch movies in theaters 4.2 times each year, among the highest figures in the world. There are many film genres. These include **뤔컴즈 rom-coms**, action, sci-fi, **fantasy**, horror, and disaster films, as well as animated genres. The target audience differs depending on the genre. For examples, romantic movies are usually frequented by coples. There are **hard-core fanatics 프네릭** who only watch sci-fi movies. Families with kids often go to see animated movies. These days there’re also a lot of sequels that are follow-ups to earlier movies. 3D and 4D theaters as well as IMAX theaters also enhance the expirence of going to the movies.
​

# Conversation

A: How was the movie you saw yesterday? Did you have a goo time?
B: I was on the edge of my seat(정말 흥미 진진했어). You should have come.
A: I'm not a big fan of thrillers. I prefer rom-coms and animated movies.
B: If you see this movie, you'll change your mind. It's great.

# Expressions

1. 대중 문화 컨텐츠 - pop culture content
2. 아무나 접근 가능한 - accesible to anyone
3. 국내 작품 - domestic works
4. 예술적 가치 - artistic merit
5. 영화 관람객 - film goers
6. 대거 - in droves
7. 평균적으로 - on average
8. 로맨틱 코미디 - rom-coms
9. 목표 관객 - target audience
10. ~이 자주 찾는 - be frequented by
11. 극성 팬 - hard-core fanatic
12. ~의 후속 - follow-ups to ~
13. 경험의 질을 높이다 - enhance the experience
14. 영화 관람을 가다 - go to the movies