---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/09/06'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-06 09:25:31
---

# Dictation

## Talk about Korean companies hre new employees

When you apply for a job at a Korean company, you start by presenting your C.V. You usually include the details of your education and work experience, as well as official English scores and various certifications. You will also present a cover letter along with your resume. If you passed the first round of the application process, you will take an aptitude test. Applicants are judged based on language, general knowledge, logic games and problem solving. Next, you will have a job interview. Often, there are several of them. Practical interviews are followed by in-depth interviews or interviews with executives. You receive a final acceptance notice if you pass all the interviews. Job seekers spend a lot of time and money on job-hunting because they need to prepare for so many steps.

# Conversation

A: How did your job interview go yesterday? Did you do well? Did you do well?
B: I think so. I got a call from the company today. They said I passed. 
A: That means you only have to pass in-depth interview. Keep me posted.
B: I will. Thanks for all your help. I really want this job.

# Expressions

1. 취업을 위해 지원하다 - apply for a job 
2. 이력서 - C.V. (C.V. 는 라틴어, =resume)
3. 공인 점수 - official score
4. 더불어, 함께 - along with
5. 1차를 함격하다 - pass the first round
6. 직무 적성 검사 - aptitude test
7. ~을 기준으로 평가 받다 - be judged based on ~
8. 문제 해결 능력 - probleam solving
9. 실무 면접 - practical interview
10. 심층 면접 - in-depth interview
11. 최종 합격 통지 - final acceptance notice
12. 구직 활동 - job-hunting