---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/08/07'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 21:44:00
---

# Dictation
## Talk about what you do before getting on an airplane
When I travel overseas, I usually arrived at the airport at least two hours ahead of time. First and foremost, I go to the airline counter and check in for my flight. I present my passport, check my luggage, and receive my boarding pass. I can choose a window seat or an aisle seat. Next, I pass through security with my carry-on luggage. I pass through a **metal** dectector, and check whether I have anything that is banned. There are duty-free shops on the way to the gate, so sometime I shop for duty-free goods. Then, I **headr** over to the boarding gate. Boarding usually begins thirty minutes before the departure time. When I board the plane, I find my seat and place my luggage in the overhead bin. Finally, I sit down, buckle up, and wait for takeoff.

# Conversation
A: What time is it? Did we come to the airport to early?
B: It's only nine o'clock. We have some time to kill before boarding.
A: What do you want to do? 
B: Let's check out the duty-free shops. Then, we can get some coffee.

# Expressions
1. 해외여행을 하다 - travel overseas
2. 미리 - ahead of time
3. 가장 먼저 - first and foremost
4. 항공사 카운터 - airline counter
5. 탑승수속을 하다 - check in for a flight
6. 짐을 부치다 - check my luggage
7. 탑승권 - boarding pass
8. 창가 자리/복도 자리 - window seat, aisle seat
9. 보안 검색대를 통과하다 - pass through security
10. 탑승 수하물 - carry-on luggage
11. 금속 탐지기 - metal detector
12. 면세품 - duty-free goods
13. ~로 향하다 - head over to
14. 탑승구 - boarding gate
15. 기내 짐칸 - overhead bin
16. 이륙 - takeoff
17. 시간 여유가 있어 - We have some time to kill.