---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/06/13'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:08:14
---

# Dictation
## Talk about how you get travel information

There is **a mountain** of travel information on the internet these days. Anyone can find what they need to travel if they set **their** mind to it. There are in-depth descriptions of must-visit spots for every travel destination on various travel blogs. They are very useful because they provide photos, and videos taken on-site with **first-hand accounts** of expierences. You can find almost anything including information on **lodging** facilities transportation and famous restraunts. I make it a point to check information on restaurants and cafes. Eating delicious local food is a highlight of any trip. Prices for goods and services are also shared online, so it helps when planning a budget for travel expenses. I have made a habbit of sharing my travel expierences on my blog whenever I return from a trip.

# Conversation
A: Didn't you say you are going on vacation next week? You must be excited.
B: I am, but I can't find any information about good restaurants.
A: **I'll let you in on a secret**, try reading reviews on the local newspapers.
B: That's a gread idea. I don't trust some of these travel websites.

# Expressions
1. 매우 많은 양의 - a mountain of 
2. ~가 마음을 먹다 - set one's mind to it
3. 상세한 묘사 - in-depth descriptions
4. 현지에서 촬영된 사진 - photos taken on-site
5. 직접 경험한 이야기 - first-hand accounts
6. 숙박 시설 - lodging facilities
7. 반드시 ~하다 - make it a point to
8. 예산을 세우다 - plan a budget
9. 여행 경비 - travel expenses
10. 너만 특별히 알려 줄게 - I'll let you in on a secret.