---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/08/02'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 09:32:34
---

# Dictation
## Talk about recent controversies over the abuse of authority

The owner family of an airline recently caused social outrage. Due to their serious abuse of authority on multiple occasions. There was public demend for the family to be serverly punished. Some thought that the family should be forcibly removed from the management. The employees of the company form the community to **lay bare** the crimes of the owner family. In Korea, there are often cases of people abusing their higher social standing. People who are in positions of power verbally abuse the weak or treat them unfairly. Sometimes they even use physical violence or commit sexual harassment. The victims experience serious psychological stress or personal humiliation. It't important to establish a culture of mutual respect to eliminate such abuses of power.

# Conversation
A: Why is that man so rude the employees? Is something wrong?
B: Oh him? He's always like that. He has **a chip** on his shoulder.
A: He shouldn't abuse his authority like that.
B: I know, but I don't think he will ever change.

# Expressions
1. 사주 일가족 - owner family
2. 사회적 공분을 유발하다 - cause social outrage
3. 갑질 - abuse of authority
4. 사회적 요구 - public demend 
5. 강제로 끌어내리다 - forcibly removed
6. 폭로하다 - lay bare
7. 높은 사회적 지위 - high social standing
8. 권력을 누리는 사람 - People who are in positions of power
9. 폭언를 하다 - verbally abuse
10. 부당하게 대우하다 - treat someone unfairly
11. 인격적 모멸감 - personal himiliation
12. 정신적 스트레스 - psycological stress
13. 성희롱을 하다 - commit sexual harassment
14. 폭행을 하다 - use phygical violence
15. 그는 항상 시비조야 - He has a chip on his shoulder