---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/03/19'
date: 2018-03-19 17:42:34
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dication
## Talk about where you have your lunch

I have different lunch plans every day. During the week when have to work I usually eat with my co-workers. Usually, we select mostly Korean cuisine. Our lunch break only lasts for an hour, so we mostly eat at restaurant within **(shouting)** distance of our office. Of course, there is a cafeteria on the premises. However, we've gotten sick of eating the same dishes day in and day out. We sometimes eat at the office **(canteen)** and at extreme wheather that is very hot or cold. However, we prefer eating out and getting some air where we're **(at it)**. When we are russhed for time, we might go to a nearby cafe and make do with a light sandwich. Sometime, we also hold lunch meetings.

A: We're going to a Chinese restarurant for lunch. Do you wanna go?
B: I haven't got time for that, I have to finish this report first
A: I didn't know you were so busy. Would you like me to get your sandwich?
B: Yes please. Can you get me a cup of coffee too? 

# Expressions
1. 점심 계획 - lunch plans
1. 주중에는 - during the week
1. 한식 - Korean cuisine
1. 우리 사무실로부터 가까운 (사무실에서 소리치면 들리는 거리 이내에) - within shouting distance of our office
1. 구내 식당 - cafeteria on the premises
1. 허구한 날 - day in and day out
1. 구내 식당 - office canteen
1. 극심한 날씨 - extreme weather
1. 겸사겸사, 하는김에 - while I'm at it.
1. 시간에 쫓기다 - rushed for time
1. ~으로 때워 - make do with ~
1. 그럴 시간 없어 - I haven't got time for that.


