---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/04/20'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-24 18:32:14
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the time when you had to reschedule appointments

We make appointments for many reasons in life. Reservations for dental clinic, Hospitals and hair salons can be counted among the most common. A while ago, I made a reservation to get my hair done at a salon. I reserved a saturday morning time slot, but it slipped my mind because I was a bit **(scatterbrained)** that day. When I receive the phone call from the salon, it was well passed the reserved time. It was too late to go at that point, so I rescheduled for another time. On another occasion, I reserved routine check-up for my mother at a university hostpital. However, something important came up on the day of. I called the hospital and tried to reschedule, but they were fully booked for that day. We had no choice, but to choose a differnet day.

A: You've called EBS hair salon. How can I help you?
B: My name is Rich, I have an appointment today, but I need to reschedule.
A: It's no problem. There's a time slot open tommorrow morning.
B: Thanks for your help. I'm sorry for the inconvenience.


# Expressions

1. 가장 흔한 것 중에 하나다 - can be counted among the most common.
1. 머리를 하다 - get my hair done.
1. 시간대 - time slot
1. 그날 약간 정신이 없었다 - I was a bit scatterbrained that day.
1. 예약시간을 한참을 지났다 - It is well past the reseved time.
1. 한번은 - on another occasion
1. 정기 검진 - routine check-up
1. 발생하다 - come up
1. 당일 - the day of (something이 생략된 형태로 쓰임.)
1. ~할 수 밖에 없었다 - had no choice, but to ~
1. 번거롭게 해드려 죄송합니다 - I'm sorry for the inconvenience
