---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/10'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-07-06 09:31:04
---

# Dictation
## Talk about rising popularity of camping in Korea

It's not a strech to say that a camping craze is sweeping the nation in Korea these days. You can easily find camping enthusiasts who go camping with friends and family. **Demand** for camping equipment is on the **uptick**, too. There are many stores and internet sites that deal primarily in tents and outdoor cooking utensils. Many camping grounds have poped up around the country. There are lots of places where you can **pitch a tent** yourself. All you need to do is pay a usage fee. There are also places with tents that are pre-installed, as well as barbeque facilities nearby. Some camping rounds rent out camping cars. Staying in a camping car is really something else. A new word, glamping, refers to this kind of high-end camping.

# Conversation
A: What are you doing this weekend? Do you have any plans?
B: I'm goging camping with some friends. We're going to 강원도 province.
A: Wow! That sounds like fun. When do you leave?
B: Probably on Friday night. Do you want to come with?


# Expressions
1. ~라고 해도 과언이 아니다. - It's not a strech to say
2. 캠필 열풍 - camping craze(열광적 대유행)
3. 전국적으로 사로잡다 - sweep the nation
4. 캠핑 애호가 - camping enthusiasts
5. 증가 추세이다 - is on the uptick
6. ~을 주로 다루다 - deal primarily in ~
7. 캠핑장 - camping grounds
8. 생겨나다 - pop up
9. 텐트를 치다 - pitch a tent
10. 사용료를 지불하다 - pay a usage fee
11. 대여해 주다 - rent out
12. 색다른 것 - something else
13. 고급의 - high-end
14. 같이 갈래? - Do you want to come with?
 