---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/08/28'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-28 08:23:40
---

# Dictation

## Talk about when people first start drive as beginner drivers 

Everyone was a beginner driver once. Changing lanes is one of the hardest things for beginner drivers. Cars on either side **무시 바이? woosh by** at high speed. It’s not easy to get the timing right and squeeze in between them. When bigger vehicles like trucks or buses pass by, beginners often **flinch** back in fear. Beginner drivers often put stickers on the rear window. It’s out of the hope that other drivers will **이얼 yeild** the right of way. Parking is another **포미더블? formidable task** for beginner drivers. They don’t have a sense of the car size. So, they often **스크뤠잇? scrape** the bumpers. After driving about 10,000 kilometers, drivers start to get a boost in confidence. However, this is when **fender benders** occur most often. It's important that seasoned drivers look out for beginner drivers on the road.

# Conversation
A: I heard you got your driver's license. Congulatulations! Are you driving a lot?
B: Not really. I thought it would be easy, but it's really hard.
A: It's like that for everyone at first. You'll get the hang of it soon.
B: I hope so. Right now, I'm so scared that I'd rather take a taxi.


# Expressions

1. 차선을 변경하다 - change lanes
2. 양쪽으로 - on either side
3. 쌩쌩지나가다 - whoosh by
4. 타이밍을 맞추다 - get the timing right
5. 그들 사이에 끼어들다 - squeeze in between them
6. 움찔하다 - flinch back
7. ~하는 바람으로 - out of the hope that ~
8. 양보하다 - yeild the right of way
9. 힘든 일 - formidable task
10. ~에 대한 감이 있다 - have a sense of ~
11. ~의 표면을 상처나게 하다 - scrape ~
12. 접촉사고가 많이 나는 시기이다 - this is when fender benders occur most often.
13. 숙련된 운전자 - seasoned driver
14. 배려하다 - look out for
15. 곧 익숙해 질거야 - You'll get the hang of it soon.