---
layout: blog
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/03/02'
date: 2018-03-02 18:16:05
categories:
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Talk about Inchoen International airport

Inchoen international airport opened its gates in Mar. 2001. It has grown at a rapid clip since then, with the number of users increaing at a yearly average of 7.5 percent. 62 million travelers passed through the airport in 2017. Only 7 airports around the world have recoded figures about 70 million people in 2017. On Jan. 18th, Inchoen international airport cut the ribbon for its second passanger terminal. With the new terminal, the airport has a **(proccessing capacity)** of 72 million travelers and 5 million **(tons)** of **(cargo)** yearly. It is a step closer to the dream of becoming Asia's top airline hub. The second terminal is an independent terminal, where check-in, security, clearance, customs inspection and **(quarantine)** inspection all take place separately. In addition to the increases, size applying various kinds of **(cutting-edge)**, automation technology has made Inchoen an airport with top (?) services (?)

A: What do you think of the new airport terminal?
B: I'm **(floored)**. I've never **(been in)** such a modern airport.
A: That must be why Inchoen airport wins awards every year.
B: It deserves them. I think it's the best airport in the world.

# Expression
1. 개장하다 - Opened something's gate.
2. 빠른 속도로 - at a raid clip
3. ~의 연평균 - yearly average of
4. 사용자의 상승세를 보이며 급격히 성장해왔다 - It has grown, with the number of users increasing at ~.
5. 거쳐가다 - passed through
6. 수치를 기록했다 - recoded figures
7. 개장하다 - cut the ribbon
8. ~에 한발 다가가다 - It is a step closer to ~
9. 보안 검색(대) - security inspection
10. 세관 검색(대) - customs inspection
11. 검역 검색(대) - quarantine inspection
12. 최첨단의 - cutting-edge
13. 최고 수준의 - top-notch