---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/09/12'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-12 09:12:39
---

# Dictation

## Talk about internet broadcasting 

In addition to existing broadcast media, online broadcast of single person media are gaining popularity. For these broadcast, people prepare content and manage on their own. The biggest selling point is that they can communicate in real time with the viewers. The viewers are drawn by the way their opinions and statements are mentioned on-air. Broadcasts dealing with games, food, and sports are the most popular. Other broadcasts **따블린 dabble in** makeup, fashion and travel. The business model is that satisfied viewers pay for items that they give to the show runner. The broadcast can also be edited and posted online. In this case, there are advertising profits depending on the number of hits. These internet broadcasts **staked a claim** as a mainstream medium.

# Conversation

A: Is that an internet lecture? 
B: No, it's an internet broadcast about traveling overseas
A: I've heard a lot about these internet broadcasts, but I've never watched one.
B: They're fun. There's a lot of useful information. Give it a try.

# Expressions

1. 인터넷 방송 - online broadcast
2. 1인 미디어 - single-person media
3. 인기를 끌다 - gain popularity
4. 혼자서/직접 - on one's own
5. 가장 큰 장점 - the biggest selling point
6. ~에 끌리다 - be drawn by
7. ~을 다뤄보다 - dabble in
8. 방송진행자 - showrunner
9. 인터넷에 올리다 - post online
10. 광고 수익 - advertising profits
11. 조회 수 - the number of hits
12. ~로서의 입지를 명확히 하다 - staked a claim as
13. 주류 매체 - mainstream medium
14. 한번 시도해 봐 - git it a try.