---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/06/04'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:07:51
---

# Dictation
## Talk about when you had problems with your tires

I was recently going for a drive, when a warning light flashed on the instrument panel because of lower tire pressure. The tire pressure is directly linked to safe operation, so I went straight to a nearby tire repair center. A tire inspection found that a large screw was stuck in the front driver's side wheel. I was running short on time, so the repair center removed the screw and temporarily patched up the tire. They didn't charge me anything. A few days later, the tire pressure warining light came on again, so I went back to the repair center. They check the level of wear on the tires. The front wheels are on their last legs. I replaced them with new tires, and had the wheels realined(?). It cost a pretty peny to replace tires, but I thought of it as a neccessary expense.

# Conversation
A: Why aren't you leaving? We're going to be late to the meeting.
B: Wait a minute. I think there's something wrong with tire.
A: Oh no! We need to get a move on. This meeting is really important.
B: Maybe would be better to catch a taxi. I think the tire is fat.

# Expressions
1. 드라이브를 하다 - go for a drive
2. 경고등 - warning light
3. 계기판 - instrument panel
4. 낮은 타이어 공기압 - low tire pressure
5. ~에 직결된 - be directly linked 
6. 안전 운행 - safe operation
7. ~으로 직행하다 - go straight to
8. 타이어 수리 센터 - tire repair center
9. 운전석 쪽 - driver's side
10. 시간이 부족했다 - I was running short on time.
11. 임시방편으로 수리하다 - temporarily patched up 
12. 비용을 청구하지 않다 - not charge someone anything
13. 마모도 - level of wear