---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/04/10'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-12 23:44:07
---

# Dictation
## Talk about how you make money transfers

These days, making money transfers has become a cinch. Of course, it's still possible to visit a bank in person, or to use an ATM to send money. Also, people who use telebanking services are not unheard of. However, most people make bank transfers via mobile banking. It's easy to do. After you install the app for your bank, download an ID certificate, and set **(up)** a password. The emergence of online banks that only exist on the internet has made money transfers even eaiser. All you need is a password and **(pre-designated settings)**. There are **(menus)** to send money through messenger apps, so transfers are really a walk in the park. There are also apps specifically aimed at bank transfers. If a person **(on the)** receiving **(end)** has installed the app, you can send a desired amount really simply.

A: How much did you pay for dinner last night? I have to pay you.
B: It was sixty-five thousand won in total. There were five people, so you only thirteen thousand won.
A: OK. I'll make bank transfer using this app on my phone.
B: That's really convenient. How times **(have)** changed

# Expressions
1. 계좌 이체를 하다 - make a money transfer, make a bank transfer
1. 아주 쉬워지다 - has become a cinch
1. 직접 - in person
1. 아예 없다. - be unheard of
1. 아예 없지는 없다. - be not unheard of
1. 공인인증서 - ID certificate
1. 비밀번호를 설정하다 - set up a passowrd
1. 미리 저장한 설정 - pre-designated[데지그네이디드] settings
1. 아주 쉬운 일 - a walk in the park
1. 받는 입장에 있는 - on the receiving end
1. ~을 겨냥한 - specifically aimed at
1. 세상 많이 좋아졌어 - How times have changed