---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/08/13'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-13 08:14:26
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the internet cafes in Korea

Korea's internet **패내트뤠이션? penestration** rate is world-class. Most households in Korea have a PC, but many people enjoy online gaming at internet cafes. There are milloins of internet cafes across the country. So, it's not a strecth to say that they are an important part of our culture. Korea's internet cafes have ideal conditions for gaming. The computers are cutting edge, and the internet connection speeds are topnotch. Most of the popular games **come** pre-installed. Many users enjoy marathon sessions of gaming, so there are **컴플리? comfy** chairs, and the indor temperature is kept at an appropriate level. Most businesses stay open around the clock. There are also various snacks that you can have for a light meal. Costs **어라운드로 들렸음. are on** the low side at just one thousand won **or so** for hour. Using an internet cafe won't break the bank. These days, minors ar not allowed in after 10 o'clock to prevent gaming addiction.

# Conversation
A: I need to print document, but I don't have a printer.
B: You can print it at an internet cafe. It doesn't cost very much.
A: Is it far away? I don't have much time, and I need the document soon.
B: Don't worry. It's just around corner.


# Expressions
1. 보급률 - penetration rate
2. 온라인 게임 - online gaming
3. PC방 - Internet cafe
4. ~라고 해도 과언이 아니다 - It's not stretch to say
5. 최첨단 - cutting edge
6. 최고 수준 - top notch
7. 미리 설치 되어 있다 - come pre-installed
8. 장시간 진행 - marathon session
9. 편한 의자 - comfy chair
10. 적정 수준으로 - at an appropriate level
11. 24시간 내내 - around the clock
12. 가벼운 식사 - light meal
13. 대략 ~ 정도 - or so
14. 비용이 많이 든다 - break the bank
15. 가까운 곳에 있어 - It's just around corner.