---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/09/17'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-17 09:20:56
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the health insurance plans in Korea

In Korea, there’s a national health insurance policy, which is a public insurance policy **of sorts**. Everyone is compelled to join. Under this insurance system, people can deduct costs when undergoing treatment in a hospital. They can also enjoy benefits when receiving medical checkups. However, the patient must cover the cost for major surgeries, or **in-patient treatment**. **A lump some** of money is needed in such cases. This can be covered by private insurance. Insurance companies offer various coverage policies and cost vary accordingly. Insurance premiums are cheaper than other countries and the insurance coverage is good, so many people sign up for private insurance. Depending on the policy, living expenses are partially supported in addition to treatment costs. This can be very helpful.
​

# Conversation

A: How did your surgery go? Do you feel better now?​
B: Thanks for asking. I feel much better but cost an arm and a leg.​
A: Oh no. Didn’t your insurance cover the cost?​
B: Unfortunately, my insurance policy doesn’t cover in-patient treatment.
​

# Expressions

1. 국민 건강 보험 제도 - national health insurance policy
2. 일종의 공공 보험제도이다 - is a public insurance policy of sort.
3. 의무적으로 ~하는 - compelled to ~
4. 비용을 공제하다 - dedcuct cost
5. 치료를 받다 - undergo treatment
6. 혜택을 누리다 - enjoy benefits
7. 건강 검진 - medical check-ups
8. 비용을 지불하다 - cover the cost
9. 입원 치료 - in-patient treatment
10. 통원 치료 - out-patient treatment
11. 목돈 - lump sum of money
12. 사보험 - private insurace
13. 보상 정책 - coverage policy
14. 보혐료 - insurance premium
15. 보험 보장 범위 - insurace coverage
16. 생활비 - living expenses
17. 치료비 - treatment cost
18. 비용이 굉장히 많이 들었어 - It cost an arm and a leg