---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/06/08'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:08:04
---

# Dictation
## Talk about food delivery apps
In the past, when you wanted to order delivery, you had to **place a** call using a number from an advertising flyer. However, people these days use smartphone delivery apps more often than not. When you use these apps, the different foods are grouped by type. So, you can see everything at a glance. It's safe to say that almost every food on the sun can be delivered. There are photo of the dishes, so it's **a cinch** to choose. The prices are shonw upfront, and you can pay directly, so it's very conveinent. You can also keep a record of your order history and reorder items that you enjoyed. You can even reserve deliveries and half food deliver that at certain time, right on the dot(?). Delivery apps have really streamlined the process of ordering food.

# Conversation
A: I'm hungry, but I'm too tired to cook dinner or to go to a restaurant.
B: Me too, let's just stay at home and order delivery.
A: That's a good idea. What do you think we should order?
B: You name it. you can order anything these days using this app.

# Expressions
1. 배달 음식을 주문하다 - order delivery
2. 전화를 걸다 - place a call 
3. 전단지 - advertising flyer
4. 대부분의 경우에 - more often than not
5. 종류에 따라 분류된 - grouped by type
6. 한눈에 - at a glance
7. ~이라고 말해도 과언이 아니다 - It's safe to say that
8. 매우 쉬운 일이다 - it's a cinch to~
9. 명시된 - shown upfront
10. 배달을 예약하다 - reserve da delivery
11. 정확히 제시간에 - right on the dot
12. 과정을 편리하게 하다 - streamline the process