---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/09'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-07-06 09:31:01
---

# Dictation
## Talk about Thai and Vietnamese restaurants in Korea

Traveling overseas to South East Asian Countries have become **호우홈? ho-hum** for a lot of Koreans. Naturally, demend for food from these countries has grown at a steady pace. Restraunts serving these countries' national cuisine has spread like a wildfire in Korea. Vitenamese and Thai restaurants are the most common. Among vietnamese food, **풔? pho** noodles have captivated the taste **벗쯔? buds** of many Koreans. Vietnamese chain restaurants have appeared all over the country. You can eat at the restaurants, but most places will also prepare food to go. You can also order delivery using food delivery apps. The same goes for Thai restaurants. Spicy sweet Thai foods are **올더 뤠이지? all the rage**. Many restaurants employ Thai natives as chefs, so you can really get a taste of the local flavors.

# Conversation
A: Wow! These noodels are really delicious. Did you cook them yourself?
B: Yes. I learned how to cook them when I studided in Vietnam.
A: Can you teach me, too? I wish I could eat them every day.
B: Of course. Would you like seconds?


# Expressions
1. 대수롭지 않게 되다 - become ho-hum
2. 꾸준히 - at a steay pace
3. 국가 음식 - national cuisine
4. 급속도로 전파되다 - spread like wildfire
5. 쌀국수 - pho noodles
6. 입맛을 사로잡다 - captivate the taste buds
7. 전국적으로 - all over the country
8. 포장할 - to go
9. ~도 마찬가지다 - the same oes for 
10. 한창 인기다 - all the rage
11. ~을 맛보다 - get a taste of ~
12. 현지 음식의 맛 - local flavors
13. 더 먹을래? - Would you like seconds?