---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/08/03'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 09:32:37
---

# Dictation
## Talk about pod coffee machine
I'm a **coffee-buff**. In the past, I ground coffee beans myself and brewed coffee at home. But these days, I've been using a pod coffee machine more often. When I want to enjoy various flavors of coffee, or when I'm running short on time. Using the pod coffee mahcine is very convenient. Prices have gone down for these coffee machine, so the cost is less of a burden. Above all, there are many types of pods, and they taste good, so you can enjoy a cup of joe without going out of your way to visit a coffee shop. In addition to esspresso, americanos, lattes, and capuchinos, you can even make specialty drinks like green tea lattes at home. Even when friends or guest visit unannounced, you can easily make drinks that suit their tastes simply **by inserting** capsule and pressing a button. As **icing** on the cake, coffee machines these days feature stylish designs.

# Conversation
A: What's this machine next to the microwave. I've never seen it before.
B: It's a pod coffee machine. It's a game-changer.
A: How is it different? I have a coffee maker at home, too.
B: It is a lot more convenient. You just have to thow in a capsule.

# Expressions
1. 커피 애호가 - coffee-buff
2. 커피 원두를 갈다 - ground coffee beans
3. 커피를 내리다 - brew[브루] coffee
4. 캡슐 커피 머신 - pod coffee machine
5. 시간이 부족하다 - I'm running short on time
6. 부담이 줄다 - is less of a burden
7. 커피 한잔 - a cup of joe
8. 일부러 노력하다 - going out of one's way
9. 특별한 음료 - specialty drinks
10. ~의 취향에 맞다 - suit someone's taste
11. 금상첨화로 - as icing on the cake
12. 정말 혁신적인 물건이야 - It's a came-changer
13. ~하기만 하면 돼 - You just have to