---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/10/05'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-05 11:08:37
---

# Dictation

## Talk about craming

Almost everyone has crammed for a test. I remember gramming before each test when I went to school. For mid-term and final exams, I always **pulled all-nighters** to study. Studying all at one made me feel spent and **on** edge. I would have been better that study more steadily, but it was easier said than done. Whenever I cramed **that** way, the things I studied were wiped form my memory after the test. Even afeter graduating, I had to cram on ocassion. I scrambled to study for test I needed for my carrer just days in advance. Sometimes, I kept putting off things on my to-do list at work and I had to do everyting in a rush just before deadline. I know that to avoid cramming I need to take it steady at all times and live my life acordding to the plan.

# Conversation

A: Do you want to go see a movie tonight? I'll buy the tickets.
B: I can't. I have to study for my mid-term.
A: Already, but you usually cram before your test. there's a plenty of time.
B: Not anymore. I've learned my lesson(교훈을 얻었어). I'm going to start early.


# Expressions

1. 중간 기말 고사 - mid-term exam / final exam
2. 밤을 새다 - pull an all-nighter
3. 지치다 - feel spent
4. 불안한 - on edge
5. 말처럼 쉽지가 않다 - easier said than done
6. 잊혀지다 - be wiped from someone's memory
7. 때때로 - on occassion
8. ~하려고 서두르다 - scrambled to ~ 
9. 단 몇일 전에 - just days in advance
10. 미루다 - put off
11. 해야할일 - to-do list
12. 급하게 - in a rush
13. 꾸준히 하다 - take it steady
14. 계획대로 - according to plan