---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/04/24'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-24 18:32:22
---

# Dictation
## Talk about parking your car in various places

The apartment I live in is long **(is long in the tooth)**, so parking space is at a premium. If I get home late, fiding a parking space is a tall order. The parking is are also quite narrow, so parking a car is a chore even when there is a space. Newer apartments nearby have at least two parking spaces that are **(allotted to)**  each apartment unit in underground garages. So, people there have it easy. I sometimes even debate internally wheather to move because of how hard it is to park. Parking the car is a problem in most high street areas. Street parking often is subject to crackdowns using **(unmanned)** cameras. There are paid parking lots, but most of them cost an arm and a leg. Driving is convenient, but parking is a never-ending problem.

A: Hurry up! We're late, and everyone is waiting for us.
B: I can't do anything until we find the parking space.
A: I told you we should take the subway. Then we wouldn't have been late.
B: Don't **(rub it)** in. It doesn't help us right now.

# Expressions
1. 나이가 많이 든 - long in the tooth
1. 주차 공간이 넉넉하지 않다 - parking space is at a premium.
1. 어려운 일 - a tall order
1. 힘든 일 - a chore
1. ~에 할당 되다 - be allotted to 
1. 아파트 세대 - apartment unit
1. 상황이 편하다 - have it easy
1. 혼자 고민하다 - debate internally
1. 번화가 - high street area
1. 도로상 주차는 종종 무인 카메라의 단속 대상이 된다
  - Street parking - 도로상 주차
  - often is subject to crackdowns - 종종 단속의 대상이다.
  - using unmmaned cameras
1. 유료 주차장 - paid parking lots
1. 가격이 비싸다 - cost an arm and a leg
1. 끝나지 않는 문제 - never-ending problem
1. 자꾸 들먹이지마. - Don't rub it in.