---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/07/16'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-07-06 09:31:45
---

# Dictation

## Talk about double-income Families

Double-income families are quite common these days. More often, both men and women are persuing their careers, after tying the knot. Also, a dual-iconme is frequently a matter of need for financial reasons. Becoming a homeowner or paying for **child-rearing** cost and education fees also require double-incomes. Because both men and women are in the workforce after marriage, they divide the household chores and child-rearing on equal terms. The social customs of married life have changed a lot. To keep pace with this trend, many companies are re-tooling their maternity leave or childcare leave policies. They are provided as part and parcel of employee benefits. Since both mom and dad at work, people often hire someone to look after the children when they are young.

# Conversation

A: Congulatulations on having a baby. How do you feel these days?
B: I feel great, but I'm a little tired. Also, I'm getting cabin fever.
A: Do you want to go back to work already? It's only been a month.
B: Not yet, but I do want to work againg soon. I like having a job.

# Expressions

1. 맞벌이 부부 - double-income family
2. 커리어를 이어가다 - persue a career
3. 결혼하다 - tie the knot
4. 맞벌이 - dual income / double income
5. 양육비 - child-rearing costs
6. 재직중인 - in the workforce
7. 집안일 - household chores
8. 동등한 조건으로 - on equal terms
9. 풍속도 - social customs
10. ~오 보조를 맞추다 - keep pace with~
11. 재정비하다 - retool something
12. 출산휴가/육아휴가 - maternity leave / childcare leave
13. ~의 중요한 부분 - part and parcel of
14. 임직원 복지 - employee benefits
15. ~을 돌보다 - look after
16. 집에만 있어서 답답해 - I'm getting cabin fever.