---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/04/12'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-12 23:44:18
---

# Dictation
## Talk about blood types and personalities

Many Korean people are under the belief that are person's blood type influences their personality. You can find endless post about blood types and personalites while browing the web. There are even posts about how **(well-suited)** man and woman of certain blood types are for each other. A lot of people say they get along well with certain blood types, or that they are **(at odds)** with others. Others are skepical of blood types and personalities, saying that it is a sweeping generalization. However, few people think that their personality traits for their blood type are off **(the mark)** completely. Of course, these things are all just for fun. It is not used seriously when trying to get a read on someone's character.

A: Hey, Are you busy this weekend? Do you want to go on a blind dates?
B: Not really. I don't like blind dates and I'm going to be busy.
A: But I think you will really like this guy, your blood type match perfectly.
B: I **(don't buy)** into that. It's an unscientific way to view people.

# Expressions
1. ~이라고 믿다 - be under the belief that ~
1. 인터넷 서핑을 하다 - browse the web
1. 잘 맞는 - well-suited
1. ~와 잘 지내다 - get along well with ~
1. ~와 잘 맞지 않다, 대립하다 - be at odds with
1. ~에 대해서 의구심을 갖다 - be skeptical of ~
1. 과도한 일반화 - sweeping generalization
1. 성격상의 특징 - personality traits
1. 맞지 않다 - be off the mark
1. 누군가의 성격을 파악하다 - get a read on someone's character
1. 난 그런 것은 믿지 않아 - I don't buy into that.