---
title: 'Note 입트영 2018/05/18'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-25 08:18:32
---

# Dictation
## Talk about your refrigerator

We have two refrigerators in hour house. One is a **run-of-the mill** refrigerator that often side to side. There is a space inside refrigerator door that **has an** opening all to itself. That's **where** I keep the food that I eat most often because I want it within easy reach. Also, on the refrigerator door is a switch to regulate the temperature. It's the latest model, so I like all the functions. I had to pay **top dollar** for it. There is another refrigerator in the utility room. It's a Kimchi refrigerator, and I mostly keep Kimchi **tucked away** in it. It has two compartments. One is for various types of Kimchi, and the other is for fresh procude. It really **makes itself useful** because it brings out the flavors of Kimchi, and keeps ingredients fresh. 

A: Didn't you say your refrigerator was broken? Have you fixed **it** yet?
B: Not yet. A person from the repair center is coming today.
A: That must be really inconvient for you. What did you do with all your food?
B: It's not the end of the world. We just had to throw away some milk.

# Expressions

1. 평범한 - run-of-the mill
2. 양 옆으로 열리는 냉장고 - refrigerator that open side to side.
3. 혼자 독점하는 - all to itself
4. 대단한 문제는 아니야 - It's not the end of the world.
5. 꺼내들기 쉬운 곳에 - within easy reach
6. 온도를 제어하다 - regulate the temperature
7. 높은 비용을 지불해야 했다 - I had to pay top dollar for it.
8. 넣어 두고 보관하다 - keep something tucked away 
9. 칸 - compartment
10. 신선한 농산물 - fresh produce
11. 유용하다 - makes oneself useful
12. ~의 맛을 이끌어내다 - brings out the flavors of ~