---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/12/12'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-12 09:49:52
---

# Dictation

## Talk about fireworks festivals in Korea

Various fireworks festivals take place on a regular basis in Korea. They are great opportunities to experience diverse content along with firework shows. People **우엔아(?) ooh and aah** as they watch the fireworks in the inky sky. There’s even more to see these days because lasers and cutting-edge drones are **incorperated into** the shows. The top locations are riverside parks. The fireworks are reflected in the river, creating a breathtaking spectacle. Fireworks festivals are on the oceanfront also make a splash. These festivals are limited to domestic companies. Groups from all around the world take part in the festivities. The fireworks festivals have established themselves as some of Korea’s top draws.

# Conversation

A: How was your weekend? Did you do anything fun?
B: I did. My friends and I went to the firework festival on Saturday.
A: I wanted to go to, but I was afraid that there would be too many people.
B: It was worth to travel. It was beautiful and we had a great time.
​
# Expressions

1. 다양한 컨텐츠 - diverse content
2. ~와 함께 - along with
3. 새까만 밤하늘 - inky sky
4. 최첨단의 - cutting-edge
5. ~에 포함하다 - incorporate into
6. 숨막히는 장관을 연출하며 - creating a breathtaking spectacle
7. 해변가에 - on the oceanfront
8. 화제가 되다 - make a splash
9. 전 세계 곳곳 - all around the world
10. 축제에 참가하다 - take part in festivities
11. 자리매김하다 - establish themselves
12. 가장 인기를 끄는 것 - top draws