---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/10/18'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-22 21:24:06
---

# Dictation

## Talk about your athletic ability

​I’m not atheletically gifted. I’m a slow learner compared to others when I learn a new sport. My skill won’t improve past the certain point. I’ve learned bowling and tennis, but I gave up on them because my skill level hit a wall. I also received golf lessons for a long time, but my level is still not up to **스네프? snuff**. It might be because I haven’t **프라잇? applied** myself enough, but I think lack of athletic ability partially to blame. I signed up for a health club to improve my basic physical fitness and strength, but to no avail. My father is good at sports, but my mother isn't. I think I take fater my mother. I remeber being envious of firends who were good at sports in school. Now, I exercise mostly for my health.​

# Conversation

A: Hey, are you busy this weekend? We're going bowling. Do you want to come?
B: No, I'll just stay at home. I don't like sports. You guys have fun.
A: Why? All of friends are going. We can get dinner afterwards.
B: I have two left feet (나는 몸치야). Every time I play sports, I get embarrassed.

# Expressions

1. 어느정도 이상 - past the certain point
2. 실력 수준이 한계에 달하다 - skill level hit a wall
3. 수준이 만족스러운 - not up to snuff
4. 노오력을 하다 - apply myself
5. 일부 책임이 있는 - partially to blame
6. 헛되게 - to no avail
7. 기초 체력 - basic physical fitness
8. ~을 닮다 - take after ~
9. ~를 시기하는 - envious of ~
10. 건강을 위해 - for my health