---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/05/21'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-25 08:18:36
---

# Dictation
## Talk about your payment plan for cellphones

In the past, the amount of time a person was on the line would determine thier mobile phone bill. However, most phone plans these days are **dran up** depending on data usage fees. Since people use their phones more to acces the internet, the bills is decided by the amount of data at thier disposal. Sometimes, calls or text messages are provided at no charge. There are many unlimited data plans that don't put at cap the on the amount of data a person can use. It's because people watch high-res videos or stream music. Mobile carriers compete **fiercely** to present various payment plans. Consumers can have their pick of the bunch depending on their usage habits. Many people think that they are paying through the nose for their phone bill and that cost should be lowered. 

A: You look stressed out today. Is something wrong?
B: I'm trying to choose a phone payment plan. It's pretty complicated. 
A: I know what you mean. There are so many plans, it can be confusing.
B: I can't make any sense of it. How did you choose your plan?

# Expressions
1. 통화중인 - on the line
2. 휴대폰 요금 청구서 - mobile phone bill
3. 작성하다 - draw up (e.g. draw up a list)
4. 데이터 사용료 - data usage fees
5. 마음대로 사용 가능한 - at someone's disposal
6. 무료로 - at no charge
7. 데이터 무제한 요금제 - unlimited data plan
8. ~에 제한을 두다 - put a cap on
9. 스트리밍 음악을 듣다 - stream music
10. 치열하게 경쟁하다 - compete fiercely
11. 취향대로 선택하다 - have one's pick of the bunch
12. 너무 높은 비용을 지불하다 - pay through the nose
13. 도저히 이해가 안되 - I can't make any sense of it.
