---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018-12-14'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-26 12:13:42
---

# Dictation

## Talk about what people do when they move in Korea

When people in Korea move, they usually make use of full-service moving. Moving compines provide different services. When you contact the company, they will give you an estimate. The **rate** will be determined by how much you have to move and how far you're moving to. If you need a **ladder** tuck, they will be an extra charge. There are additional services that help reorganize your things after the move. On the day of the move, the movers arrive **bright and early** to pack things into boxes. They're seasoned experts, so they pack your belongings at lightning speed. In the new home, they put things back into their proper places. The homeowners don't need to move anything themselves, so it's no hassle. Moving can be a pain in the neck, but full-service moving lightens the load.

# Conversation

A: Have you prepared for your move next week?
B: Not at all. I'm really worried. I have so much to do.
A: You should use a full-service moving company. You don't need to lift a finger(손끝 하나 까딱 안해도 돼).
B: I know, but I don't want people touching my things. They're expensive, too.


# Expressions

1. ~을 활용하다 - make use of ~
2. 포장 이사 - full-service moving
3. ~에게 견적을 내주다 - give someone an estimate
4. ~에 의해 정해지다 - be determined by
5. 다시 정리하다 - reorganize
6. 사다리차 - ladder truck
7. 이른 시간에 - bright and early
8. 숙련된 전문가 - seasoned experts
9. 매우 빠른 속도로 - at lightning speed
10. 사물/짐/소지품 - belongings
11. 제자리 - proper place
12. 힘든 일이 아니다 - it's no hassle
13. 골치 아픈 일 - pain in the neck
14. 부담을 덜어준다 - lightens the load