---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2019-02-01'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-02-03 22:36:55
---

# Dictation

## Talk about an english study group you are participating in

Every Saturday morning I take part in an English study group. I participate to become fluent in English and also because I get a kick out of meeting greate people to chew the fat. It's easier to pump myself up for language studies when I'm in a group, compared to when I'm on my own. We study each week using an EBS radio book called 입이트이는 영어. It's a monthly, so it's updated each month with new topics. It's really helpful for studying English because it's packed full of useful expressions. The study sessions take about two hours. If at all possible, we try to speak only in english. By discussing expressions that caught our interests and questions we have, I feel like my english speaking level is improving bit by bit. These weekly English study sessions are bright spots in my life.

# Conversation

A: What are you doing tomorrow? Do you want to meet for brunch?
B: I'm sorry, but I'm meeting my study group. How about getting dinner?
A: You meet on the weekends too? I thought you met each Wednesday.
B: Practice makes perfect. You can go with me if you are curious.


# Expressions

1. ~에 참여하다 - take part in ~
2. 어학에 능숙해 지다 - become fluent
3. ~을 즐기다 - get a kick out of ~
4. 수다를 떨다 - chew the fat
5. ~의 의욕을 붇돋아 주다 - pump someone up
6. 혼자서 - on one's own
7. ~으로 가득한 - packed full of ~
8. 가급적 - if at all possible,
9. 관심을 끌다 - catch someone's interest
10. 조금씩 - bit by bit
11. 삶의 활력소 - bright spots in someone's life