---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/04/06'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-06 23:42:25
---

# Dictation
## What types of food you have to stay healthy

Recently, I have been feeling spent more easily than before. When I wake up in the morning, I'm tired instead of feeling refreshed. Good health has its roots in good food, so I decided to change my eating habits. First, I always eat fresh **(fruits)** like apples or bananas when I wake up. I try to eat fruits that are in season. I also take several multi-vitamines each morning to aid my **(fatigue)** recovery and boost my immune system. In addition, I also eat red jinseng mixed with honey. When I choose my meals, I try to eat healthy foos that are rich in **(nutrients)**. I never skip meals. When I drink my pace myself and on drinking in moderation. Finally, I carry a water bottle with me all day to drink plenty of water and stay high (?).

A: You look really healthy these days. Are you exercising?
B: Yes I am. I'm also taking multi-vitamines every day.
A: Are they effective? I've been thiking about getting some.
B: You should give it a try.

# Expressions

1. 매우 피곤하다 - feel spent
1. ~은 ~이 근간이다 - have one's roots in ~
1. 식습관 - eating habits
1. 나는 가급적 제철 과일을 먹는다 - I try to eat fruits that are in season.
1. 피로 회복 - fatigue recovery
1. 면역력을 강회하다 - boost my immune system.
1. 영향가가 높다 - be rich in nutrients
1. 나는 음주를 할때, 페이스를 조절한다 - When I drink, I pace myself.
1. 수분을 유지하다 - stay hydrated
1. 너도 한 번 해 봐 - You should give it a try.