---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/17'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-07-06 09:31:47
---

# Dictation

## Talk about software problems you have in the past

I recently received an alert telling me to update the operating system on my laptop, so I got on with it. But after updating the OS, the computer began to **엑 스러기시 act sluggish**. It took a long time to launch applications, and some programs wouldn't run at all. I got a lot of error messages. Very often, the computer would reboot without prior warning. My work productivity took a dive, so I asked service center to repair the laptop by remote access. The repair technician tried to fix it, but he said the only solution was to reinstall the OS from scratch. I backed up my important files on an external hard drive. Then I went to the service center to reinstall the OS. It took a long time, and I had to pay through the nose. Still, I was satisfied because the computer was as good as new after it was fixed.

# Conversation
A: You look really upset about something. What's wrong?
B: It's this program I'm using. It won't let me save a file
A: Here let me see. You're right, I think it's a software bug.
B: It's driving me up the wall. I've been doing this more than an hour.

# Expressions

1. 알림 메세지를 받다 - received an alert
2. 지체없이 진행하다 - got on with it
3. 동작이 느리다 - act sluggish
4. 예고 없이 - without prior warning
5. 급격히 떨어지다 - take a dive
6. 원격 접속을 - by remote access
7. 첫 단계부터 - from scratch
8. 새 것처럼 멀쩡하다 - as good as new
9. 높은 비용을 지불하다 - pay through the nose
