---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018-12-07'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-10 16:45:46
---

# Dictation

## Talk about new professions related to pets

Many households these days companions animals like dogs or cats. This has brought about the creation of new jobs. Most veterinary clinics have pet **그루머스, groomer** who are in charge of pets' beauty treatments. They trim the fur of dogs and cats and **베이뎀, bathe them.** There are training courses to become pet groomers, and you can even get certified. Pet sitters have become another new occupation. With overseas travel become in common, pet oweners often leave home for extended periods. Pet sitters look after their pets in thsese cases. They visit the home at designated times to feed the pets, and take them out for a walks. They keep detailed records of their activities, and send them to the owners by phone. They also share the pets' condition through photos and videos. Pets can also be left in the care of pet sitters at their homes.

# Conversation

A: Can you look after my dog this weekend? I can find a pet sitter.
B: Of course, I can. You need me on Saturday and Sunday, right?
A: That's right. I owe you one (담에 꼭 보답할게). I have to leave the house for a few days. 
B: Don't worry. I love your dog. It'll be fun for me, too.

# Expressions

1. 반려 동물 - companion animal
2. 유발하다 - bring about
3. 반려동물 미용사 - pet groomer
4. 미용관리 - beauty treatment
5. 털을 다듬다 - trim fur
6. 교육 과정 - training course
7. 자격증을 취득하다 - get certified
8. 장기간 동안 - for an extended period
9. 돌보다 - look after
10. 정해진 시간에 - at a designated time
11. ~을 산책시키다 - take someone out for a walk
12. 상세히 기록하다 - keep detailed recoards
13. ~를 ~의 보살핌에 맡기다. - leave someone/something in the care of 