---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/07/13'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-07-06 09:31:39
---

# Dictation
## Talk about your looks
Interest in **outward** appearances is at a hight point. Many people improve their looks by getting cosmetic surgery or taking makeup classes. It’s a basic desire to look attractive to other people. I’m also interested in my looks to some extent. I think I look better than average, and that I have some personal **flair**. I’ve rarely felt self-conscious because of my looks. I have a small face and **doe** Eyes, so with a good makeup job, I can look quite pretty. I’m also taller than average, so most off-the-rack clothes fit well. My **픠더런? feet are an** average size, so I can find my size easily. When you start to get greedy about your looks, there is no **엔튜잇 end to it**. Many people I know have gotten plastic surgery, so I've given it some thought, too. However, I decided that developing my abilities would be a better use of my time.

# Conversation
A: What time is it? I need some more time to fix my makeup.
B: Hurry up. If we don't leave soon, we're going to be a late.
A: OK. I'm ready. Let's go. How do I look?
B: You're glowing. Your makeup and outfit are both perfect.

# Expressions
1. 외모 - outward apearance
2. 최고 수준이다 - be at a high point
3. 어느 정도 - to some extent
4. 개성 - personal flair
5. 주변을 의식하다 - feel self-conscious
6. 큰 눈 - doe eyes
7. 기성복 - off-the-rack clothes
8. 맞는 사이즈를 찾다 - find my size
9. 욕심을 내다 - get greedy
10. ~에 끝이 없다 - there's no end to it
11. 고려해보다 - give it some thought
12. 유익한 일 - good use of my time