---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2019-02-07'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-02-10 22:20:15
---

# Dictation

## Talk about snow sled parks in Korea

There are many snow sled parks throughout Korea. They're places where visitors can ride sleds down snowy slopes. There're especially a hot ticket among chilren in the winter. Sled parks are often filled to capacity with families visiting to ride sleds with their kids. There're many types of sleds, some are for riding solo, and others are for pairs. Usually, people rent them for a fee on-site. There aren't lift, like you see at ski slopes. Instead, you have to carry your sled and make the climb to the top of the slope after each ride. The thrilling sensation of coming down the slope is so much fun, it's on par with skiing. Sometimes, riders loose their balance and fall over, but even that is the part of the fun. Since it's a winter sport enjoyed in the snow, there is a risk of collision or safety accident. It's important to avoid injury by following the safety regulations.

# Conversation

A: Hey. Why are you just stading here. Aren't you going to ride the sled?
B: No thank you. It seems like it's mostly for kids.
A: You're always so serious. Live a little(좀 즐겨봐). It's really fun.
B: Maybe next time. I'm so cold. I'd rather go inside where it's warm.


# Expressions

1. 눈 덮인 경사 - snowy slope
2. 인기 있는 것/장소/공연 - hot ticket
3. 가득 차다 - be filled to capacity
4. 2인용 - for pairs
5. ~을 유료로 대여하다 - rent something for a fee
6. ~까지 걸어 올라가다 - make the climb to ~
7. 스릴감 - the thrilling sensation
8. ~와 대등한 수준 - on par with
9. 재미의 일부 - par of the fun
10. ~의 위험 - a risk of ~
11. 안전 사고 - safety accident