---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/08/20'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-20 08:50:18
---

# Dictation
## Talk about process you go through when you buy something online

When I buy something online, I **크러샵? cross-shop** various items first. Depending on the site or the vendor, the same product could be sold at different price points. To get the best deal, it’s good to compare prices. When I **settle on** an item, I enter the delivery address and check out. I usually pay with my credit card. When shopping on a mobile platform, I can make an easy payment using an app. After I’ve made the payment, a message tells me that the product is being processed. Then, it will be in transit. When the item has been shipped out, I can track the parcel and see where it is in the distribution process. On the day of delivery, the delivery person contacts me by phone and delivers the item. When I can’t receive the parcel in person, I asked the person to drop it at the management office or in a parcel storage locker. 

# Conversation
A: Oh no, we are out of toilet paper. I have to go to the store to buy some. 
B: You don’t have to do that. I can just order some by my phone.
A: Wow, that’s really nifty. Would they deliver it to our house? 
B: Of course. If I order before midnight, it will arrive tomorrow.


# Expressions
1. 구매할 물건을 비교하다 - cross-shop 
2. 가격대 - price points
3. ~으로 정하다 - settle on 
4. 결제를 하다 - check out
5. 간편결제 - easy payment
6. 물건을 준비하다 - process a product
7. 배송 중 - in transit
8. 발송하다 - ship out
9. 유통과정 - distribution process
10. 관리실 - management office
11. 택배 보관함 - parcel storage locker