---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/05/11'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-14 12:03:06
---

# Dictation
## Talk about wireless devices that we use

Wireless devices are the talk of the town these days, many devices support wireless connectivity. Bluetooth speakers are an **illustrative** example. They are very convenient because you can connect them wirelessly with music players instead of hard-wired connection. Speakers at home and at cars as well as earphone make the most of bluetooth connections. Computer mice are also often bluetooth compatible these days. If wires drive you **up** the wall, these are very convinient. The disadvantage is that there are dropped connections sometimes, so you need to re-adjust the settings to get a signal. Finally, wireless vaccum cleaners are **hot-ticket** items these days. People most often had a bone to pick with vaccum cleaners cord. Now, they can be charged and used wirelessly.

A: Wow! Are those new earphones? They look expensive.
B: Yeah. I got them last week. They're bluetooth-compatible.
A: How do they sound? Are they **as** good as wired earphones?
B: It's a trade-off. They don't sound as good, but they are more convenient.


# Expressions

1. 화젯거리 - the talk of the town
2. 무선 연결을 지원한다 - support wireless connectivity
3. 대표적인 예 - illustrative example
4. 유선 연결 - hard-wired connection
5. ~을 십분 활용하다 - make the most of ~
6. 블루투스 호환 되는 - bluetooth-compatible
7. 선이 성가시다면 - If wires drive you up the well
8. 연결 신호 단절 - dropped connections
9. 재설정하다 - readjust the settings
10. 신호를 감지하다 - get a signal
11. 인기 있는 품목 - hot-ticket item
12. 불평 사항이 있다 - have a bone to pick
13. 장단점이 있어 - It's a trade-off