---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/12/10'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-10 16:45:50
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the popularity of youtubers these days

In the past, people called power bloggers who **kept up** blogs with high subscription rate **held a lot of sway**. But, in recent years, more people have been producing videos and posting them up to the YouTube. Some people do it as a casual hobby, but others do it professionally. They are called creators or YouTubers. These people cook up videos about various topics and feels. The content touches upon topics including hobbies, food, sports, and language studies. Popular content can log views from hundreds of thousands to tens of millions. These videos contain advertisements here and there, and there producer earns their advertising profits. Popular YouTubers with subscribers around the world rake in cash. They make so much money that it is unbelievable.

# Conversation

A: You should subscribe to this channel. It's really funny and useful.
B: No thank you. I don't really trust YouTubers. They're not professionals.
A: You're too old-fashioned(넌 너무 구식이야). You can gain a lot of information this way.
B: That's on all my friend say, too. Maybe I should watch a few videos.

# Expressions

1. 유지하다/운영하다 - keep up
2. 구독률 - subscription rate
3. 큰 영향력을 가지다 - held a lot of sway
4. ~을 올리다, 게시하다 - post something up
5. 단순 취미 - casual hobby
6. 고안해 내다, 만들다 - cook up
7. 다루다 - touch upon
8. 어학 - language study
9. 조회수를 기록하다 - log views
10. 곳곳에 - here and there
11. 광고 수익을 벌다 - earn advertising profits
12. 큰 수익을 올리다 - rake in cash