---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/10/12'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-10-22 21:16:08
---

# Dictation

## Talk about when you put things off

From time to time, I put off doing things. A major example is when I hold off on doing household chores. A few times, I pay the price for a putting off banking errands. It's the same story at work. When I procrastinate and put off work until just before the due date, I have to do it all at once. When that happens, I'm usually scatter-brained while I work and I get stressed out. I 바치 **botch** things up more often, and kick myself for not doing the work earlier. I know I should work out a plan. By carefully writing down a dialy itinerary and sticking the to plan, it's possible to prevent doing everything at the last minutes. However, the most important thing is my personal resolve not to put off my work. 

# Conversation

A: Have you done your homework? It's already 9 o'clock.
B: I'll start soon. I just want to watch this program. It'll be over soon.
A: Stop dragging your heels (그만 꾸물거려). You always put things off and regret it later.
B: OK. OK. Stop nagging me. I'll stop right now.

# Expressions

1. 때때로 - from time to time
2. ~을 미루다 - hold off on ~
3. 집안일 - household chores.
4. 댓가를 치르다 - pay the price 
5. 은행 업무 - banking errands
6. 마지막에 몰아서 해야한다. - I have to do it all at once.
7. 정신 없는 - scatter-brained
8. 스트레스에 시달리는 - stressed out
9. 일을 망치다 - botch things up
10. ~한 것을 자책하다 - kick myself for doing something.
11. 계획을 짜다 - work out a plan
12. 계획 대로 하다 - stick to the plan
13. 막판에 - at the last minute
14. 개인의 의지 - personal resolve