---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/04/16'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-04-16 21:25:07
---

# Dictation
## Talk about blackboxes in cars

These days it's common to see a driver install a blackbox or dashcam in their car. This device can get on tape the video footage from the front and rear of the car as well as the audio. It can be set up to record video, even when the car is parked. The video is stored on a memory card, and the user can download it as the need arises. Drivers can see for themselves exactly what happened to their cars. In case of an accident, this can come in handy to determine who is at fault. What's more, the dash cams can provide valueable information to solve various incidents on the roads. These videos are also seen often on the news as filed footage. There is even a TV program that is entirely dedicated to dash cam footage. The devices have become indispensable equipment for cars. 

A: Oh, no. What happened to your car? Were you in an accident?
B: Someone crashed into it while it was parked. Don't worry I wasn't hurt.
A: That's a relief. Still, you must be angry. Did you find out who did it?
B: I caught him using the dash cam. He will have to pay for the repairs.

# Expressions
1. 녹화하다 - get on tape
1. 설정되다 - be set up
1. 필요에 따라 - as the need arises
1. 직접 보다 - see for themselves
1. 누구의 과실인지 따지다 - determine who is at fault
1. 더불어 - what's more
1. 자료화면 - filed footage
1. ~을 전적으로 다루는 - entirely dedicated to
1. 필수 장비 - indispensable equipment
1. 충돌하다 - crash into
1. 그 것 참 다행이다. - That's a relief.