---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018-12-18'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-26 12:13:55
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the types of skin trouble you have in winter

During the winter, the weather is cold outside and it gets arid indors. This dries up the skin and it gets flacky. That's why I make it a point to moisturize in the winter. I use lots of mosturizing cream, and I sometime use moisturizing packs when I get home at night. Flushed skin is also common in the winter. I take extra care with my makeup when I head out. I always wear sunscreen to prevent drak spots. There is also a lot of fine dust in the winter, so I'm a stickler about facial cleansing.
If I do not throughly wash my face, I break out in pimples. Diatary habits and stress also have a pronounced effect on my skin. When I eat a lot of greasy food or get stressed out, my skin often breaks out. Not getting enough shut-eye also leads to skin trouble.


# Conversation

A: What's wrong? Why are you scratching yourself like that?
B: It's my skin. It gets really dry in the winter. It's so itchy, I can't help it.
A: Knock it off(그만 좀 해), it's really disgusting. Just put some lotion on it.
B: OK. I'll do that. We have lotion in the bathroom, right?


# Expressions

1. 건조해지다 - get arid
2. 마르게 하다 - dry up
3. 피부에 각질이 일다 - get flacky
4. 반드시 ~ 하다 - make it a point to 
5. 홍조 - flushed skin
6. 각별히 신경 쓰다 - take extra care
7. 외출하다 - head out
8. ~에 대해 꼼꼼한 사람이다 - be a stickler about ~
9. 마구 나다/트러블이 생기다 - break out 
10. 큰 영향을 미치다 - have a pronounced effect 
11. 기름진 음식 - greasy foods
12. 스트레스를 받다 - get stressed out
13. 잠을 자다 - get shut-eye