---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/09/19'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-19 09:07:27
---

# Dictation

## Talk about technology related to virtual reality

In electronics stores these days, you're likely to come across VR equipment used to experience virtual reality. 3D video is used to recreate the sensation of being in a situation. There is a strong sense of **이멀전? immersion**, so the **와일? wow-factor** is high for first-timers. Used in **텐덤? tandem** with other equipment, the sense of reality becomes even stronger. With special equipment and VR, users can experience amusement park ride like rollercoasters ride at home. Combining game controllers and VR allows users to enjoy sports or fighting games as if in reality. IT products take root quiclky in Korea. So there are many places in downtown areas where people can experience VR. There isn't a lot of VR content because VR equipment is still in the early stages of development. However, it's definely a field with infinte growth potential.
​
# Conversation

A: I don't know what todo this weekend. Do you have any ideas?
B: How about a VR cafe? I went to one last week, it was a lot of fun.
A: Really? That sounds interesting. What was like?
B: It was a real eye-opener(정말 놀라운 경험이었어). There is a lot of amazing content.

# Expressions

1. ~할 것 같다/~할 가능성이 있다 - be likely to
2. 접하다 - come across
3. ~하는 느낌을 재현하다 - recreate the sensation of ~
4. 강한 몰입감 - a strong sense of immersion
5. 인상적인 요소 - wow-factor
6. 초보자 - first-timer
7. ~과 더불어 - in tandem with ~
8. 자리잡다/뿌리를 내리다 - take root
9. 번화가 - downtown areas
10. 아직 개발 초기단계에 있다 - still in the early stages of development
11. 성장잠재력 - growth potential