---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/09/04'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-04 08:59:58
---

# Dictation

## Describe various types of personalities

Some people have easy-going personalities. They don't get a **헤드옵? ahead of** themselves, and they act **cool 헤데들리? cool-headedly**. They are paitient and usually don't lose their cool. There are also lazy people. They slack off and put off doing what they have to do. They do everything at the last minute. Some people I know have great **presence** of mind. They have sound judgement of what's right and wrong. They can't let **injustice** slide, so they do something to right or wrong. There are also people who are shy. They don't like to **stand out** in front of others, and they are very self-conscious. I think my own personalty is very honest. I don't hesitate to speak what's on my mind, and I don't often lie. The **downside** to this is that sometimes I speak **브런틀리(?) bluntly**and hurt people's feelings.

# Conversation 

A: How was your blind date yesterday? Did you have a good time?
B: Yeah. It was great. We talk for a long time. She's a charmer.
A: I'm glad you thought so. What did you like about her?
B: She has an easy-going personality. I like how **relaxed** she is.


# Expressions

1. 여유로운 성격 - easy-going personalities
2. 조급하게 행동하다 - get ahead of oneself
3. 침착하게 행동하다 - act cool-headedly
4. 평정심을 잃다 - lose one's cool
5. 게으름을 피우다 - slack off
6. 미루다 - put off
7. 신중하다 - have (good) presence of mind
8. 칙참성 - presence of mind
9. 좋은 판단력 - sound judgement
10. ~을 그냥 지나치다 - let something slide
11. 눈에 띄다 - stand out
12. 남의 시선을 의식하는 - self-conscious
13. 생각대로 말하다 - speak what's on one's mind
14. ~의 단점 - downside to
15. 직설적으로 말하다 - speak bluntly
16. ~의 기분을 상하게 하다 - hurt someone's feelings