---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/05/22'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-25 08:18:39
---

# Dictation
## Talk about substitute holiday system
The lion's share of holidays in Korea are designated on specific dates, rather than specific days of the week in a certain month. Many holidays are based on the lunar calendar, so the calendar date changes each year. If public holidays happen to **coincide** with weekends, this reduces the number of days off. That's why Korea launch the substitue holiday system in 2014. The system comes into play with the lunar new year and chooseok, which are major traditioal holidays as well as children's day. The goverment may also designate substitute holidays as the **occation arises**. Under the rules of the system, an extra day is designated as a holiday. If a public holiday is on a weekend, or if it overlaps with another holiday. May 5th, or Children's day, is on a Saturday. Monday May 7th was therefore a substitue holiday. There are more long weekends thanks to this system. So, people can take advantage of them for longer holidays.

# Expressions
A: On no. Children's day is on a Saturday this year. That's one less holiday.
B: Don't worry. The next monday has been designated as a substitue holiday.
A: That's a relief. Are you going to do anything special during the long weekend?
B: I think I'm just going to stay at home. The traffics will probably be really bad. 

1. 가장 큰 몫/분량 - the lion's share
2. 요일 - day of the week
3. 음력 기준으로 - based on the lunar calendar
4. 날짜 - calendar date
5. 겹치다 - happen to coincide with (overlap)
6. 휴일 - days off
7. 적용되다/효력이 작용하다 - come into play
8. 상황에 따라 적절하게 - as the occasion arises (if needed)
9. 이 제도에 따라 - Under the rule of the system
10. ~와 겹치다 - overlap with
11. ~활용하다 - take advantage of