---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/08/23'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-24 14:58:53
---

# Dictation

## Talk about how some Koreans stars are making it bi on the world stage

A few months ago the Korean boy group called BTS, hit number one on the billboard chart. It was a first for a Korean artist. You can often hear in the news that Korean music is taking the world by storm. The appeal of Korean pop music is no longer can find Korean fans?. It is picking up fans around the world. When Korean singers perform concerts overseas on a huge scale, the tickets are sold out quite often. The popularity of Korean stars worldwide extends beyond singers. More and more actors are making a name for themselves on the global stage. Korean movies are often exported overseas. It’s also increasingly common for Korean actors to appear in foreign films. Korean’s film market is quite big, giving Korean actors **얼레겁? a leg up** when they **tum their gaze** overseas.

# Conversation

A: You look tired today. Were you up late last night? 
B: Yeah. I went to the BTS concert and I got home really late.
A: Wow that sounds like fun. Did you have a good time?
B: It was great. the crowd went nuts.

# Expressions

1. ~로서는 처음 - a first for
2. ~을 순식간에 사로 잡다. take ~ by storm
3. 대중음악 - pop music
4. 한정된 - confined to
5. 팬을 얻다 - pick up fans
6. 거대한 규모로 - on a huge scale
7. 매진되다 - be sold out
8. ~을 넘어서다 - extend beyond
9. 세계의 무대에서 이름을 알리다 - make a name for oneself on the global stage.
10. 해외로 수출하다 - export overseas
11. ~을 돕다 - give ~ a leg up
12. 시선을 돌리다 - tum one's gaze
13. 관객들이 난리가 났어 - the crowd went nuts