---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/05/23'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-25 08:18:41
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the furniture and appliances you have at home
We have lots of furniture in our house. In the living room, we have a sofa, a coffee talble, and the display **cupboard**. It's also where we keep the airconditioner and TV as well as the air purifier. There is a four seater dining table between the living room and the kitchen. In the kitchen, we have a gas stove, a rice cooker, a water purifier, and various kitchen utensils. We stored the **dinnerware** in the built-in kitchen cupboard. There is a big bed and closet space in the master bedroom. Some of the closet spaces is built-in, but others we had to have installed on **our own dime**. Various cosmetic products, a hair drier and the jewelery case are placed on the dressing table. The master bedroom has a seperated half bathroom. There are desks and beds in the kids room. Fianlly, there is a **shoe rack in the entry foyer**.

A: What are you doing this weekend? Do you have any special plans?
B: I'm going to move around some of the furniture in my living room.
A: That sounds like hard work. Why do you want to do that?
B: I want to shake things up. I'm sick of the way things out(?) right now.

# Expressions
1. 거실 탁자 - coffee table
2. 장식장 - display cupboard
3. 공기청정기 - air purifier
4. 4인용 식탁 - four seater dining table
5. 주방 용품 - kitchen utensils
6. 식기류 - dinerware
7. 옷장 공간 - closet space
8. 안방 - master bedroom
9. 자비로 사야 했던 것들 - others we have to have installed on our own dime.
10. 화장대 - dressing table
11. 욕조가 없는 화장실 - half bathroom
12. 신발장 - shoe rack
13. 현관 - entry foyer