---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/08/22'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-22 08:14:12
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the housework you do at home

I clean up my house every chance I get to keep it **스페켄 스팬? spick and span**. I run the vaccum cleaner at least once a day. I also wipe the floors with a **뤡? rag** every other day. I have cats at home, and they shed their fur everywhere. Cleaning up the fur is a part of cleaning process. I also do the dishes as soon as I'm done eating. I don't like having dishes pile up in the sink. I **스틸러라이즈? sterilize** and clean the kitchen very often. I also take out the trash often so that it doesn't get backed up. When food in the fridge passes its expiration date, I throw it away without delay. Lots of hair fall in the bathroom, so I clean the floor by **호증? hosing** it down while I shower each day. I do the laundary once a week. I also pick up my room all the time. Finally, I organize my clothes by type in the closet.

# Conversation
A: Oops. I dropped some crumbs on the floor. I'm so sorry.
B: Don't sweat it. I have a robot vaccum cleaner that cleans floor for me.
A: Wow! That's really convenient. Is it really effective?
B: It's not as effective as cleaning by hand, but it's pretty good.


# Expressions
1. 기회가 될때마다 - every chance I get
2. 매우 깨끗한 - spick and span
3. 걸레 - rag
4. 털이 빠지다 - shed fur
5. 쌓이다 - pile up
6. 살균하다 - sterilize
7. 쓰레기를 내다 버리다 - take out the trash
8. 밀리다 - get backed up
9. 유통기한이 자나다 - pass the expiration date
10. 지체 없이 - without delay
11. 물을 뿌려 청소하다 - hose something down
12. 방을 정리하다 - pick up a room
13. 종류별로 정리하다 - organize something by type
14. 너무 신경쓰지마 - don't sweat it
15. 부스러기 - crumb
16. 