---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/07/11'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-06 09:31:09
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the booming pet industry in Korea

The number of households in Korea companion animals has risen quickly. Dogs and cats are the most common. According to recent tallies, **어코더? A quater** Of all households have pets. More and more people are living in single person households. Many of them have pets to **월드오프? ward off** Loneliness. Pets are also helpful for building character, so parents often adopts pets for their kids. In keeping with this trend, the pet industry is growing exponentially. The number of **veterinary** clinic has spiked, and there are lots of stores selling pet supplies. Businesses that offer pet **그루밍? grooming** services are a **다이머 더즌? a dime a dozen**, and related job have become a promising **line of work**. There are even TV channels specifically aimed at pets. 

# Conversation
A: what do you think of this product? Do you think it’s too expensive? 
B: I don’t even know what it is. What is it?
A: It’s a sweater for my dog. I like it a lot, but it cost so much. 
B: It’s your money. Does your dog like wearing clothes?

# Expressions
1. 반려동물 - compainon animals
2. 최근 통계에 의하면 - according to recent tallies
3. 1인 가구 - single person household
4. ~을 막아내다 - ward off
5. 인성을 기르다 - build character
6. ~에 발맞춰 - In keeping with ~
7. 동물병원 - veterinary[vétərənèri] clinic
8. 급증하다 - spike
9. 애완동물 용품 - pet supplies
10. 애완동물 미용 - pet grooming
11. 매우 흔한 - a dime a dozen
12. 유망한 - promising
13. 직종 - line of work
14. ~을 겨냥한 - specifically aimed at ~