---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/08/24'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-24 14:58:55
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the various types of cell phone accessories that you personally use

I recently got a new phone. Because it's the latest model, I put it in a clear case. I wanted to protect it from getting **딩덥? dinged up** if I drop it. I can **턱? tuck** a credit card into the case. This is convenient because I don't need to have my wallet on me. I also put a ring grip on the back so that I can hold it with my finger. The ring functions as a phone cradle, so I can **prop up** my phone on a table and watch vedio. The phone's battery drains quickly, so I also carry a battery pack. The battery capacity is high enough to fully charged the phone once. It's convenient when the phone's batery goes dead. I also bought a new phone holder for my car. It's the latest thing. It can be **adjusted** to fit any phone and it charges the phone, too. It's great because I can charge my phone while using a sat-nav app as I drive.

# Conversation

A: Oh, no. My phones battery is dead. I can't turn it on.
B: Why didn't you charge it before we left home?
A: I was going to, but it slipped my mind. I need to charge it somewhere.
B: Don't worry. I have a battery pack in my back. You can use it if you want.


# Expressions

1. 손상되다/긁히다 - get deinged up
2. ~안에 ~을 끼워 넣다. - tuck something into something
3. 휴대 하다 - have something on me
4. 역할을 하다 - function as
5. 세우다 - prop up
6. 배터리가 방전되다 - battery drains / battery goes dead
7. 보조 배터리 - battery pack
8. 배터리 용량 - battery capacity
9. 휴대폰 거치대 - phoen holder
10. 최신 물건 - the latest thing
11. ~에 맞도록 조절된다 - It can be ajdusted to fit ~
12. 깜빡 잊어 버렸어 - It slipped my mind
13. 그러려고 했는데 - I was going to, but