---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/03/27'
date: 2018-03-27 15:58:06
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---


# Dictation
## Talk about vallet parking

In business district **(of large)** cities, it's a **(tall order)** to park a car. That's why large scale restaurants, bars, beauty salons, theaters and **(the like)** offer vallet parking services. If you stop your car at the enterance, valet attendants will take over your car, and give you a vallet stub. It's really convinient because you can leave your car in their hands. When you come back out, you give the attendant your vallet **(stub)** and the valet parking fee, and they bring you your car **(on)** the dobule. The cost is not too expensive. Of course, large hotels offer vallet parking, but they charge **(at steep rate)** compared to other places. In the US, you should tip your parking attendant, but in Korea, you just pay a fixed fee.

A: Excuse me, where is my car? I've been waiting for about 10 minutes.
B: I'm so sorry, one of our parking attendant's sick, so we're bit slow.
A: That's OK. I'm in no rush. Can I wait inside?
B: Certainly. We'll get your car on the double.

# Expressions

1. 번화가 - business districts
1. 주차하는 것은 어려운 일이다 - it's a tall order to park a car
1. 등등 - the like
1. 대리 주차 요원 - valet attandant
1. 인수 받다/접수 하다 - take over
1. 발레 주차 티켓(반쪽짜리) - valet stub
1. ~을 ~에게 맡기다 - leave something in someone's hand
1. 신속하게 - on the double
1. 높은 비용을 청구하다 - charge a steep rate
1. ~에게 팁을 주다 - tip someone.
1. 정해진 비용을 주다 - pay a fixed fee.
1. 급하지 않아요 - I'm in no rush
