---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/05/29'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-29 09:14:02
---

# Dictation
## Talk about workouts at the gym

I can't **make it through the day** without exercising. I go to the health club in the building where I live to work up a sweat almost daily. I start by **limbering** up with some light stretching. Then, I hit the treadmill for about 30 minutes. Next, I use the dumbells for a musculer workout on my arms. Then, I use exercise machines for weight training on my lower body. I was especially **zero in on my thigh muscles**. Fianlly, I wind down with carrier exercise for about 10 minutes to losen up my stif muscles. I didn't always exercise so much. There was a time when I got no exercise at all because of the daily grind. I often feel under the weather and I packed on the pounds. That's why I started to exercise. Now, it's one of the most important things on my daily to-do list.

A: Wow! you've lost a lot of weight. What's your secret?
B: I have been working out every day at the gym in apartment building.
A: You look great. Do you think I should start exercising too?
B: Of course, you should start today. You will never look back.

# Expressions

1. 하루를 견뎌 내다 - make it through the day
2. 내가 살고 있는 건물에 - in the building where I live
3. 운동을 하다 - work up a sweat
4. 몸을 풀다 - limber up
5. ~로 시작하다 - start by
6. 러닝머신 운동을 하다 - hit the treadmill
7. 근육 운동을 위해서 - for a muscular workout
8. 운동 기구 - exercise machine
9. 근력 운동 - weight traning
10. 하체 - lower body
11. ~에 집중하다 - zero in on
12. 허벅지 근육 - thigh muscles
13. ~ 했던 적이 있다 - there was a time when I ~
14. 힘든 일상 - the daily grind (반복되는/지루한)
15. 살이 찌다 - packed on the pound
16. 하루 중 해야 할 일 - daily to-do list
17. 후회할 일 없을 거야 - You will never look back