---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/06/05'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:07:55
---

# Dictation
## Talk about sleeping problems you have
A good night sleep is directly related to our health. However, I sometimes have a hard time because I can't drop off **to** sleep at night. When I don't get enough shuteye or **if** my sleep quality isn't very good, it's hard for me to be productive the next day. For the past few weeks, I've been wrestling with the problems of being awake until the small hours of the morning. I toss and turn until three or four a clock AM. Part of the reason is that my head is spinning with various thought. If I fall asleep that late, it's hard just to get up and running in the morning. I wake up and go to work, but I can barely keep my eyes open after lunch. I have considered getting a prescription for sleeping pills. If that doesn't do the trick, I might go to a sleep clinic to get a consultation.

# Conversation
A: Hey, we know we have a dinner appointment tonight, right?
B: I'm really sorry, but can we have dinner tomorrow? I didn't get any sleep.
A: I won't hold it against you, but you have to pay for the meal.
B: OK, I will. I'm going to go home now and get some sleep.

# Expressions
1. 숙면 - a good night's sleep
2. ~와 직결되다 - be directly related to
3. 애를 먹는다 - have a hard time
4. 잠들다 - drop off to sleep
5. 잠을 충분히 자다 - get enough shuteye
6. 수면의 질 - sleep quality
7. 생산적이다 - be productive
8. 그담날 - the next day
9. ~의 문제로 고생하다 - wrestle with the problem of
10. 새벽 이른 시간 - the small hours of the morning
11. 잠들지 못해 뒤척이다 - toss and turn
12. 여러 생각으로 머리가 어지럽다 - head is spinning with various thoughts
13. 활동을 개시하다 - get up and running
14. 잠이 쏟아지다 - can barely keep my eyes open
15. 수면제를 처방 받다 - get a prescription for sleeping pills
16. 효과가 있다 - do the trick
17. 널 원망하지 않을께 - I won't hold it against you