---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/08/27'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-08-27 10:08:36
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the issues you went through whe you wre children were going through there adolescent periods

Parents have their hands full when their kids go through a puberty. Getting through to children is the biggest problem. During adolescence, kids are often not on speaking terms with their parents. When parents try to offer advice, kids think it is nagging and nitpicking, so they get annoyed easily. But parents can't just tell off their kids all the time. That can lead to a larger gap between them. I often faced off againt my kids when they were teenagers. I **뤼즌드? reasoned** with my daughter to focus when studying, but she often chatted with friends instead. She was deeply into a boy band, so she cracked up the volume in her room. She spent all her pocket money on buying their albums and going to their concerts. My son was crazy about gaming, so we fawn over mobile gaming most often. Looking back, those were tough times **안들려 for** both my children and myself.

# Conversation

A: You seem to be stressed out today. Is something wrong?
B: It's my son. He's going through adolescence and he'd so rude.
A: Oh no. It's a hard time for everyone. Is it really that bad?
B: I feel like I'm going to snap. I don't know what to do.


# Expressions

1. 일거리/고민거리가 많다 - have one's hands full
2. ~와 소통하다 - get through to
3. 청소년기 - adolescence
4. 청소년 - adolescent
5. ~와 소통이 단절되다 - not on speaking terms with ~
6. 잔소리 - nagging and nitpacking
7. 혼을 내다 - tell off
8. ~와 싸우다, 대결하다 - face off against
9. 논리적으로 설득하다 - reason with
10. 흠뻑 빠지다 - be deeply into
11. 소리를 크게 키우다 - crank up the volume
12. 미쳐 버릴 것 같아 - I feel like I'm going to snap