---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/06/20'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-06-25 10:08:30
---

# Dictation
## Talk about bluetooth earphones

It's not a strech to say that half of the people that are out in about with earphones on are using bluetooth earphones. Wired earphones are **pet peeve** for a lot of people because they get tangled up often. Also the wires can get worn out with use, so they have to be thrown away. Bluetooth earphones can be connected wirelessly to phones, eliminating the need for wires this makes them very convenient. Once they are paired with a phone, they can connect automatically. When you receive a call while you're listening to music, you can immediately turn over to the call. The only problem is that wireless product have to be juiced up every day. You can't use them when the battery goes dead. Still, it's no big deal. I think the use of bluetooth earphone will continue to increase. 

# Conversation

A: Those earphones look fancy. Did you buy them recently?
B: Yeah, I got them last week. They're blutooth earphones.
A: I've been thinking about getting a pair myself. Do you like them?
B: They have their ups and downs. They're convenient, but they don't sound **as** good.


# Expressions
1. ~이라고 해도 과언이 아니다 - It's not a strech to say
2. 돌아다니는 - out and about
3. 이어폰을 꽂은 채로 - with earphones on
4. 개인적으로 불쾌히 여기는 것 - pet peeve
5. 엉키다 - get tangled up
6. 닳다 - get worn out
7. 무선으로 연결하다 - connected wirelessly 
8. ~와 페어링되다 - pair with ~
9. ~으로 전환하다 - turn over to
10. 충전하다 - juice up
11. 배터리가 방전되다 - battery goes dead.
12. 장단점이 있어 - They have their ups and downs.