---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018-12-24'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-12-26 12:14:34
---

# Dictation

## Talk about Korea's Capital city, Seoul

Seoul is the capital of Korea and it's biggest city. It was designated as the capital city in the Joseon period. For centuries, it has been Korea's central hub politically, economically, socially, and culturally. The Han River passes through the heart of the city. The river is crisscrossed by 31 bridges. The city's area only accounts for 0.6 percent of Korea's land as a whole, but the number of people who live here is in the neighborhood of 1/5(one-fifth) of the entire population. The population density is off the charts. Seoul's economy is the fourth largest in the world. However, it's one of the 10 cities with the highest cost of living in the world. The annual temperature range is very wide, so it's **bitterly cold** in the winter and **muggy** in the summer. There are 54 universities and technical colleges in Seoul. It is a jet-setting city having played host to the asian games in 1986, the Summer Olypics in 1988 and G20 summit meeting in 2010.

# Conversation

A: How has your visit to Seoul been so far? Are you having a good time?
B: I'm having the time of my life(정말 즐거워). I think this may be my favorite city.
A: Wow. I'm glad you like it so much. What do you like about it?
B: The food, the places, the friendly people. I like everything.

# Expressions

1. 중심지 - central hub
2. ~을 관통하다 - pass through the heart of
3. 직각/격자무늬로 가로지르다 - crisscross
4. 부분/비율을 차지하다 - account for
5. 전체적으로 - as a whole
6. 약 ~ 정도 - in the neighborhood of
7. 인구 밀도 - population density
8. 매우 높은 - off the charts
9. 물가 - cost of living
10. 연교차 - annual temperature range
11. 매섭게 추운 - bitterly cold
12. 후덥지근한 - muggy
13. 전문대학 - techical college
14. 세련된 - jet-setting
15. ~을 개최하다 - play host to
16. 정상 회담 - summit meeting