---
layout: blog
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/02/13'
date: 2018-02-15 16:10:23
categories: 
- English
tags:
- English
---

# Dictation
## Tell me about when you spilled drinks by accident
I remember a time when I spilled a drink at a restaurant by accident. I knocked over a dirnk in a large glass. It spilled all over my clothes and purse. Also, my mobile phone on the table was **(soaked)** through. Thankfully, the phone is waterproof, so there was nothing the worry about. However, my clothes and purse were problem. I felt **(clammy)** and uncomfortable. To make matters worse I **(was)** wearing **(brightly-colored)** clothes, so the stain was very noticible. Another time, I spilled some coffee **(I had on me)**. I was bringing out some coffee I bought at a cafe as I turned around I bumped into someone. I spilled my coffee on the spot. Thankfully, I didn't get any on clothes, but my shoes were splattered little bit. The coffee was hot, so my hand hurt. I didn't get a burn, but the skin of my hand did sting a bit.

A: Hey, be careful! You're going to spill that drink.
B: Oops, I'm so sorry. I have butterfingers.
A: Oh no, my sweater is all wet.
B: ***I'll*** get some towels and help you dry it off.

# Expressions to memorize
1. 음료를 흘리다. - spill a drink
2. 실수로 - by accident
3. 쳐서 넘어뜨리다 - knock over
4. 흠뻑 젖다 - be soaked through
5. 축축해서 불편하다 - feel clammy
6. 기분나쁘게 축축한 - clammy
7. 밝은 색의 옷 - brightly-colored clothes
8. 매우 눈에 띄었다 - was very noticeable.
9. 내가 들고 있던 커피 - some coffee I had on me.
10. 누군가와 부딫쳤다. - I bumped into someone.
11. 내 신발에 튀었다. - My shoes were splattered.
12. 화상을 입다 - get a burn
13. 손등이 조금 따끔거렸다. - the skin on my hand did sting a bit.
14. 내가 물건을 잘 떨어뜨려 - I have butterfingers.