---
title: '[Note] 입트영 2018/09/10'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-09-10 08:51:17
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the importance of maintaining a work life balance

Work life balance is a hot topic among young people in Korea these days. In the past, people laid stress on social standing, pay levels and corporate images when choosing a career path. But for younger generations these days, the amount of personal time they can have is another factor to consider. Employee benefits and workload intensity are the top priorities when landing a job. Instead of jobs where they are recognized for putting in the hours, they prefer the **리셔? leisure** to enjoy the little things. They want to have hobbies and the time to enjoy them. Even if the terms and conditions are good, they don’t want jobs where they will have work late or on weekends. Work like balance has become the indicator of happiness.

# Conversation

A: What are you doing this weekend? Do you have any fun plans? 
B: I have to go the office on Saturday. I have so much work to do. 
A: Oh no, but you worked last weekend, too. You need to pace yourself.
B: Don’t worry. I’m going on vacation next week.

# Expressions

1. 강조하다 - laid stress on ~
2. 사회적 지위 - social standing
3. 급여 수준 - pay level
4. 기업 이미지 - corporate image
5. 진로를 정하다 - choosing a career path
6. 고려할 요소 - factor to considere
7. 직원 복지 - employee benefits
8. 업무 강도 - workload intensity
9. 우선 순위가 높은 것 - top priorities
10. 직장을 구하다 - land a job
11. 장시간 열심히 노력하다 - put in the long hours
12. ~ 로 인정받다 - be recongnized for ~
13. 소소한 것들을 즐기다 - enjoy the little things
14. 조건 - terms and conditions
15. ~의 지표 - the indicator of ~
16. 페이스 소절 해야 돼. - You need to pace yourself