---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2018/05/15'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2018-05-15 13:07:53
---

# Dictation
## Talk about the seafoods you like to have

Korea is surrounded by oceans on three sides, so the **culinary** culture has seafood down to an art. Seafood really **floats** to peoples **boats** here. A **bountful array** of seafood is served each day. Many restaurants also **deal** primarily in seafood. Fish, shrimps, shellfish, squid, octopus and crab are used as the main ingredients in various dishes. Seafood like sea cucumbers, sea squirts, and sea urchins are also **eaten**. People **stir-fry** steam, or boil seafood in various mouth watering sauses. It's also common to eat seafood as it is. Such raw seafood is called Heo. Seafood also **acts** as the headliner in well-known soups and stews. There is a lot of **wild-caught** seafood, but also a lot of farm-raised seafood. That's why fish farming is a booming industry in Korea.

A: Where did you go for your vacation last week?
B: I went to Mokpo. It was great. I ate a lot of good food.
A: That must have been perfect for you since you like seafood.
B: It was. I was walking on air. I already want to go back.

# Expressions

1. 음식 문화 - culinary culture
2. 매우 정교하게 발달되다 - have something down to an art
3. ~의 마음에 들다 - float someone's boat
4. 다양한 종류의 - a bountiful array of
5. ~을 주로 취급하다 - deal primarily in ~
6. 볶다 - stir-fry
7. 아주 먹음직 스러운 - mouth-watering
8. 있는 그대로(날것) - as it is
9. 주역이 되다 - acts as the headliner
10. 자연산 해산물 - wild-caught seafood
11. 양식 해산물 - farm-rased seafood
12. 잘나가는 산업 - booming industry
13. 기분이 정말 최고였어 - I was walking on air.