---
title: '[Summary] 입트영 2019-02-19'
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - English
date: 2019-03-04 15:16:17
---

# Dictation

## Talk about the Dokdo issue

In the waters between Korea and Japan, there is an island named Dokdo. The island has great geopolitical importance. It comes into play with militery issues, as well as marine operations in nearby waters. It is **sovereign territtory** that Korea **has governed over** for a long time. Historically, it is marked as Korea territory in various recordes. Korean civilians are living on Dokdo to this day, and the Korean Coast Guard are also stationed there. However, Japan is claming onwership of Dokdo and continously provocations. Its foreign office is parroting the claim, and even some school text books **erroneously** claim Dokdo is Janaese. This Japanese claim over Dokdo is a point of **contention** between the tow conturies. Japan is attempting to make an issue of it, to gain global acceptance. The Korean government continues to strongily object to Japan's claims, and to make it known that Dokdo belogs to Korea

# Conversation

A: Is something wrong? Whay do you look so angry today.
B: Japan keeps arguing that Dokdo is its territory.
A: What? That's ridiculous.
B: I know. It really sets me off(정말 화가나).


# Expressions

1. 해역 하다 - the waters
2. 지정학적 중요성 - geopolicital importance
3. 작용하기 시작하다/이슈가 되다 - come into play
4. 해양 조업 - marine operations
5. 지배하다 - govern over
6. ~을 ~으로 표기하다 - mark something as ~
7. 현시점까지 - to this day
8. 소유권을 주장하다. - claim ownership
9. 일반인 - civilians
10. 도발하다 - make provocations
11. 논쟁거리 - point of contention
12. ~을 쟁점화하다 - make an issue of~
13. ~에 강력히 항의하다 - strongly object to ~
14. 알리다/공표하다 - make it known.